{"20137987": "T cell receptor (TCR) binding to diverse peptide-major histocompatibility complex (pMHC) ligands results in various degrees of T cell activation. Here we analyze which binding properties of the TCR-pMHC interaction are responsible for this variation in pMHC activation potency. We have analyzed activation of the 1G4 cytotoxic T lymphocyte clone by cognate pMHC variants and performed thorough correlation analysis of T cell activation with 1G4 TCR-pMHC binding properties measured in solution. We found that both the on rate (k(on)) and off rate (k(off)) contribute to activation potency. Based on our results, we propose a model in which rapid TCR rebinding to the same pMHC after chemical dissociation increases the effective half-life or \"confinement time\" of a TCR-pMHC interaction. This confinement time model clarifies the role of k(on) in T cell activation and reconciles apparently contradictory reports on the role of TCR-pMHC binding kinetics and affinity in T cell activation.", "16861701": "The impact of oxidative stress in female reproduction is not clear. Contradictory reports on the effect of various oxidative stress markers on follicular fluid, oocytes and embryo quality and fertilization potential exist. The objectives of this study were to examine reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels in follicular fluid of women undergoing IVF and to relate these levels to embryo formation and quality.", "27258377": "Currently, there are two types of interferon-gamma release assays (IGRAs) in use for the detection of tuberculosis (TB) infection, the QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-Tube test (GFT-GIT) and T-SPOT.TB. Owing to contradictory reports regarding whether the results of these IGRAs are affected by the age of the patient, we aimed to determine if these two tests have age-related differences in sensitivity. We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of diagnosed TB patients who were tested using either QFT-GIT or T-SPOT.TB from February 2008 to December 2013. The positivity of the two tests was analyzed and compared with true TB infection, which was defined as active TB based on either a positive Mycobacterium culture or a positive TB polymerase chain reaction. The QFT-GIT group included 192 TB patients, and the T-SPOT.TB group included 212 TB patients. Of the patients with pulmonary TB, 76 (39.6%) were in the QFT-GIT group and 143 (67.5%) in the T-SPOT.TB group. The overall sensitivity was 80.2% for QFT-GIT and 91.0% for T.SPOT.TB. The sensitivities of QFT-GIT and T-SPOT.TB according to age group were as follows: <29 years, 93.3% and 96.7%; 30-49 years, 86.5% and 94.7%; 50-69 years, 76.8% and 87.5%; and >70 years, 68.3% and 85.7%, respectively. The trend of age-related changes in sensitivity was significant for both QFT-GIT (p = 0.004) and T.SPOT.TB (p = 0.039). However, only QFT-GIT was significantly related to age in the multivariate analysis. QFT-GIT, but not T-SPOT.TB, was significantly affected by patient age.", "18172430": "Few and often contradictory reports exist on the long-term neurobiological consequences of cannabinoid consumption in adolescents. The endocannabinoid system plays an important role during the different stages of brain development as cannabinoids influence the release and action of different neurotransmitters and promote neurogenesis. This study tested whether long-lasting interference by cannabinoids with the developing endogenous cannabinoid system during adolescence caused persistent behavioral alterations in adult rats. Adolescent female and male rats were treated with increasing doses of Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) for 11 days (postnatal day (PND) 35-45) and left undisturbed until adulthood (PND 75) when behavioral and biochemical assays were carried out. CB1 receptor level and CB1/G-protein coupling were significantly reduced by THC exposure in the amygdala (Amyg), ventral tegmental area (VTA) and nucleus accumbens (NAc) of female rats, whereas male rats had significant alterations only in the amygdala and hippocampal formation. Neither female nor male rats showed any changes in anxiety responses (elevated plus maze and open-field tests) but female rats presented significant 'behavioral despair' (forced swim test) paralleled by anhedonia (sucrose preference). In contrast, male rats showed no behavioral despair but did present anhedonia. This different behavioral picture was supported by biochemical parameters of depression, namely CREB alteration. Only female rats had low CREB activity in the hippocampal formation and prefrontal cortex and high activity in the NAc paralleled by increases in dynorphin expression. These results suggest that heavy cannabis consumption in adolescence may induce subtle alterations in the emotional circuit in female rats, ending in depressive-like behavior, whereas male rats show altered sensitivity to rewarding stimuli.", "22201871": "There are contradictory reports about the synthesis and expression of TF antigen/activity in blood cells and plasma and in the surrounding environment of endothelial cells. In this review article we focus on the many divergent findings on the expression and presence of TF in various blood cells, plasma and endothelial cells in normal and pathological states. The widespread use of antibodies with inferior and misleading specificity and TF activity assays with low sensitivity/specificity, may be the major explanation for all the controversy. Based on our own experience and many other recent reports, pertaining to the concept of so called blood borne TF, we conclude that TF is exclusively expressed in and associated with circulating monocytes in blood of healthy individuals. However, several pathological conditions are associated with activated monocytes, shedding TF-rich microparticles that are transferred to activated platelets, neutrophils, and endothelial cells.", "25620498": "Antiphospholipid antibodies (aPLs) are a heterogenous group of autoantibodies associated with recurrent miscarriage, stillbirth, foetal growth restriction and premature birth. The cause of obstetric morbidity in women with aPLs is not completely understood. Workers have attempted to understand the role of aPLs in obstetric morbidity by investigating the histopathology of placentae from aPL-positive women. However, it is unclear from these diverse, and at times contradictory reports what histopathological lesions are common in the placentae of women with aPLs. This systematic review was undertaken to generate a complete picture of the placental features associated with aPLs in an attempt to understand the pathological processes that occur in pregnancies affected by aPLs.", "5322755": "Contradictory reports have been published on the value of fluorescent protein tracing as a serological test for syphilis. The authors believe that this is due mainly to differences in technique and especially to variations in the quality of the conjugate used. They describe the preparation of a fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) immune serum conjugate, which they characterize by its antihuman-globulin titre, FITC/protein ratio and staining effect. The fluorescent treponemal antibody (FTA-50) test performed with this conjugate gave better agreement with the TPI test than any of four other serological tests with which it was compared. Its sensitivity is also good, being equal to that of the T. pallidum complement-fixation (TPCF) test. Nevertheless, the FTA-50 test is not absolutely specific and, as a screening procedure before TPI testing, a combination of the TPCF test with the cardiolipin complement-fixation test appears to be simpler, more sensitive and cheaper. Further study is needed with a view to the elimination of non-specific staining and standardization of the conjugate and antigen before the FTA-50 test can replace the TPI test.", "29110804": "Marijuana use is increasingly prevalent in the United States. Effects of marijuana use on sexual function are unclear, with contradictory reports of enhancement and detriment existing.", "23668247": "There are three recent contradictory reports on the incidence of Epstein-Barr virus in the pathogenesis of myasthenia gravis, with all studies carried out in Caucasian patients. The current study evaluated whether Epstein-Barr virus infection had a role in the pathogenesis of myasthenia gravis in a cohort of 30 Chinese patients.", "25002532": "Metastatic dissemination requires carcinoma cells to detach from the primary tumor and invade through the basement membrane. To acquire these characteristics, epithelial tumor cells undergo epithelial-to-mesenchymal transitions (EMT), whereby cells lose polarity and E-cadherin-mediated cell-cell adhesion. Post-EMT cells have also been shown, or assumed, to be more migratory; however, there have been contradictory reports on an immortalized human mammary epithelial cell line (HMLE) that underwent EMT. In the context of carcinoma-associated EMT, it is not yet clear whether the change in migration and invasion must be positively correlated during EMT or whether enhanced migration is a necessary consequence of having undergone EMT. Here, we report that pre-EMT rat prostate cancer (PC) and HMLE cells are more migratory than their post-EMT counterparts. To determine a mechanism for increased epithelial cell migration, gene expression analysis was performed and revealed an increase in epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression in pre-EMT cells. Indeed, inhibition of EGFR in PC epithelial cells slowed migration. Importantly, while post-EMT PC and HMLE cell lines are less migratory, both remain invasive in vitro and, for PC cells, in vivo. Our study demonstrates that enhanced migration is not a phenotypic requirement of EMT, and migration and invasion can be uncoupled during carcinoma-associated EMT.", "1397799": "N,N-Diethyl-m-toluamide (mDET, DEET) is widely used as a topical insect repellent. It is the active ingredient in many consumer formulations, which usually contain 10-25% mDET in an alcohol base. More concentrated consumer products are also available, including some that are pure technical grade mDET. Persons living or employed in mosquito-infested areas may have very high seasonal exposures to mDET. Because contradictory reports had been published on the reproductive and developmental toxicity of mDET, a series of studies was conducted in male and female Sprague-Dawley rats. All treatments were administered by daily subcutaneous injections of undiluted mDET. A dose finding study was done using 12 time-mated females per group treated on Gestational Days (GD) 6-15 with 0.50, 0.62, 0.78, 0.92, or 1.2 ml mDET/kg/day. No females survived 10 days of mDET dosing with 1.2 ml/kg/day. Deaths occurred in all other groups except the low dose (0.50 ml/kg/day). Pregnant females treated on GD 6-15 with 0 or 0.30 ml/kg/day were used for the teratology study. Half of each group was euthanized on GD 20: the second half was singly housed in nesting boxes and allowed to deliver litters. Live pups were counted and weighed soon after birth on Postnatal Day (PD) 0 and again on PD 3, 9, and 14. Proven fertile males were treated 5 days/week for 9 weeks with 0, 0.30, 0.73, 1.15, or 1.80 ml mDET/kg/day for a male dose-finding study. Each group consisted of 20 males. No males survived the 1.80 ml/kg/day. Deaths occurred in all remaining dose groups except the 0.30 ml/kg/day and control group. Immediately following the final treatment of the male dose study, 11 males were randomly selected from the 0.30 and 0.73 ml/kg/day groups. They were cohabited for 7 days with 4 females per male during post-treatment Weeks 1 and 2. Half of the females were euthanized 12-14 days after the last day of cohabitation for a dominant lethal study; the remaining females were singly housed in nesting boxes and allowed to deliver litters. Live pups were counted and weighted on PD 0 and 3. There was no evidence of reproductive or developmental toxicity in any of these assays, but there were signs of neurotoxicity in treated adult male and female rats, which may relate to reports of neurotoxicity in humans heavily exposed to mDET-containing insect repellents.", "23993897": "There are contradictory reports on outcomes of patients treated for Stanford type A acute intramural hematoma (IMH) and acute aortic dissections (AAD) with thrombosed false lumens. We evaluated short-term clinical outcomes and predictors of adverse outcomes.", "28713515": "In some children with ADHD, sub-optimal levels of various nutrients including PUFA especially omega-3 has been observed, and contradictory reports exist on the results of studies conducted on the positive therapeutic effects of PUFA in patients with ADHD.", "25249838": "While contradictory reports are available on the yield of dicentric chromosomes (DC) in blood samples stored at different temperature and stimulated to enter into cell cycle, various times gap followed by exposure, limited information is available on the micronucleus (MN) assay. As scoring the micronuclei frequency from the blood lymphocytes of exposed individuals is an alternative to the gold standard DC assay for triage applications, we examined radiation induced MN yield in delayed mitogenic stimulation after irradiation of in vitro. Peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) were exposed to low LET ((60)Co) radiation dose (0.1 to 5Gy) and incubated at 37\u00b0C for 2, 6 and 24 hours. The MN frequency obtained in blood samples stimulated 2 hours post-irradiation showed a dose dependent increase and used to construct the dose-response curve. Further, the results also showed that blood samples stimulated twenty four hours of post-irradiation, a significant reduction (p<0.05) in MN frequencies were obtained when compared to that of blood samples stimulated two hours and six hours after post-irradiation (0.5, 1, 3 and 5Gy). The observed result suggests that the prolonged PBL storage without mitogenic stimulation could lead to interphase cell death and a delayed blood sampling could results in underestimation of dose in biological dosimetry.", "3590192": "The effects of Zn2+, Hg2+, Cd2+, and Cu2+ on normal and lead-inhibited erythrocytic porphobilinogen synthase (PBG-S) were studied in vitro using human whole blood hemolysate. The results demonstrate that each of the divalent ions tested has a characteristic effect on the pH-activity relationship of PBG-S. The effects for a given ion are concentration- and pH-dependent. For Zn2+ these effects are also time-dependent. The results obtained provide an explanation for the contradictory reports of the action of some of the metals in vitro and indicate that future investigations of the effects of metals on an enzyme such as PBG-S are best performed over a judiciously selected pH range rather than at a single pH value. It is also shown that the metals studied will only have a significant effect on the proposed PBG-S activity ratio test for lead intoxication in instances of gross contamination of blood collection devices. The activation and/or inhibition of PBG-S and associate pH-activity profile changes resulting from interaction with the four metal ions tested were attributed to their respective affinity for the thiol and other groups at the active sites. The occurrence of a relatively specific pH optimum for PBG-S after interaction with each ion investigated remains unexplained.", "10404407": "The NADPH diaphorase (NADPHd) reaction is widely used as a histochemical marker for nitric oxide synthase (NOS). In this study on locusts, crickets, and cockroaches, we demonstrate 1) that related species can differ considerably in the fixation sensitivity of putatively NOS-related NADPHd; and 2) that prolonged fixation can induce NADPHd activity in cells that are diaphorase negative under mild fixation regimes. These two phenomena reconcile previous, contradictory reports on the distribution of NADPHd in locusts and crickets. In locusts, neuronal NADPHd is found exclusively in interneurones. The projection neuropiles of the exteroceptors contain a dense NADPHd-positive fibre meshwork, but sensory afferents do not stain. In crickets, staining has been reported in sensory afferents, in motor neurones and dorsal unpaired median (DUM) neurones, and in a non-fibrous distribution throughout the sensory neuropiles. We demonstrate that this widespread, non-selective staining is induced by strong formaldehyde fixation. Weak fixation resulted in a highly selective labelling of a few individual interneurones and of a fibre meshwork in the projection neuropiles of the exteroceptive afferents. Staining was absent in the afferents themselves, in motor neurones, and in efferent DUM neurones. Thus, after weak fixation, the staining pattern closely matched that in the locust. The similar distribution of putatively NOS-related NADPHd in the thoracic nervous systems of orthopteroid insects suggests a species-independent role for nitric oxide in the processing of mechanosensory information. Histopharmacological techniques such as permanganate oxidation, or incubation in the NOS inhibitors methylene blue or dichlorophenolindophenol, did not allow discrimination between the selective and the fixation-induced staining. The species-specific impact of different fixation regimes may necessitate reconsideration of results obtained in other cross-species comparisons.", "20139065": "The peritoneal equilibration test (PET) is recommended in paediatric peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients to assist prescription management. Despite contradictory reports, high transporter status is associated with reduced survival rate in adults. Since cardiac disease is one of the main causes of mortality in paediatric PD patients, we aimed to evaluate whether transport features have any effect on biochemical data and cardiac function in this group.", "27710012": "Inhalation of capsaicin-based sprays can cause central respiratory depression and lethal apneas. There are contradictory reports regarding the sites of capsaicin action. Furthermore, an understanding of the neurochemical mechanisms underlying capsaicin-induced apneas and the development of pharmacological interventions is lacking. The main objectives of this study were to perform a systematic study of the mechanisms of action of capsaicin-induced apneas and to provide insights relevant to pharmacological intervention. In vitro and in vivo rat and transient receptor potential vanilloid superfamily member 1 (TRPV1)-null mouse models were used to measure respiratory parameters and seizure-like activity in the presence of capsaicin and compounds that modulate glutamatergic neurotransmission. Administration of capsaicin to in vitro and in vivo rat and wild-type mouse models induced dose-dependent apneas and the production of seizure-like activity. No significant changes were observed in TRPV1-null mice or rat medullary slice preparations. The capsaicin-induced effects were inhibited by the TRPV1 antagonist capsazepine, amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionate (AMPA) receptor antagonists CNQX, NBQX, perampanel, and riluzole, a drug that inhibits glutamate release and increases glutamate uptake. The capsaicin-induced effects on breathing and seizure-like activity were accentuated by positive allosteric modulators of the AMPA receptors, CX717 and cyclothiazide. To summarize, capsaicin-induced apneas and seizure-like behaviors are mediated via TRPV1 activation acting at lung afferents, spinal cord-ascending tracts, and medullary structures (including nucleus tractus solitarius). AMPA receptor-mediated conductances play an important role in capsaicin-induced apneas and seizure-like activity. A pharmaceutical strategy targeted at reducing AMPA receptor-mediated glutamatergic signaling may reduce capsaicin-induced deleterious effects.", "9209174": "Contradictory reports on the protective effect of fish consumption on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk could be due to variations in the intake of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs). Metabolic competition between n-3 and n-6 PUFAs suggests that n-6 PUFAs in vegetable oils could attenuate the efficacy of n-3 PUFAs in fish oil to favorably alter endpoints relevant to CVD risk. We determined the effects of varying dietary amounts of fish oil on lipid and thrombotic endpoints relevant to risk factors for CVD and whether these effects were attenuated by vegetable oils. Two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel studies were conducted in human subjects fed varying amounts of n-3 and n-6 PUFAs; n-3 PUFA intake was varied by using fish or placebo oil capsules, and n-6 PUFA intake was modified by incorporating varying amounts of safflower oil into the diet. Endpoints included changes in membrane fatty acid composition, blood lipids, and thrombotic profile. The results indicated that absolute amounts of fish oil, and not the relative amounts of fish and vegetable oil (ratios of n-3 to n-6 PUFAs), determined the magnitude of the reduction of arachidonic acid and increase in eicosapentaenoic acid in phospholipids of plasma and platelets. The suppression of plasma triacylglycerols by fish oil was not affected by varying amounts of dietary n-6 PUFAs. Fibrinogen concentrations decreased with 15 g but not with 9 g fish oil/d fed at the same ratio of n-3 to n-6 PUFAs. The efficacy of fish oil in favorably modifying certain risk factors for CVD was not attenuated by vegetable oil.", "19397200": "Xylaria hypoxylon, the type species of Xylaria (Xylariaceae, Sordariomycetes), was first described by Linnaeus as Clavaria hypoxylon from Sweden. Saccardo and other mycologists assumed a cosmopolitan distribution for this species. However, contradictory reports in the literature on its morphoanatomical characters and strongly inconsistent rDNA sequence data attributed to this species in GenBank suggested the existence of an unresolved species complex. To address this lack of clarity, molecular and morphological characters of numerous specimens and corresponding cultures of X. hypoxylon and related taxa from Europe were studied. Newly obtained 5.8S/ITS nrDNA sequence data were compared with published data and sequences of reference strains. European populations of X. hypoxylon from various hosts exhibited consistent rDNA sequence data and a relatively uniform holomorphic morphology, except for one specimen from Sweden that deviated in its ascospore morphology. Some samples from western United States showed DNA sequence data being identical to those of specimens from Europe, confirming a North American occurrence of X. hypoxylon. DNA sequences and morphology of other extra-European material however showed substantial deviations. Definitely not conspecific with the European material examined in this study is a strain, assigned to X. hypoxylon, the DNA sequence data of which have been used in various phylogenetic studies as a representative of Xylariaceae and Xylariales respectively. This material probably represents X longiana.", "28461139": "Exposure to stress could facilitate or inhibit pain responses (stress-induced hyperalgesia or hypoalgesia, respectively). Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin (5-HT) reuptake inhibitor antidepressant. There have been contradictory reports on whether fluoxetine produces antinociceptive effects. The purpose of this study was to elucidate changes in pain sensitivity after chronic stress exposure, and the effects of fluoxetine on these changes. We measured thermal, mechanical, and formalin-induced acute and inflammatory pain by using the tail-flick, von Frey, and formalin tests respectively. The results showed that rats exposed to chronic stress exhibited thermal and formalin-induced acute and inflammatory hypoalgesia and transient mechanical hyperalgesia. Furthermore, fluoxetine promoted hypoalgesia in thermal and inflammatory pain and induced mechanical hyperalgesia. Our results indicate that the 5-HT system could be involved in hypoalgesia of thermal and inflammatory pain and induce transient mechanical hyperalgesia after stress exposure.", "3198734": "A subacute encephalitis is increasingly recognized to be the most frequent cerebral manifestation of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Contradictory reports are given in the literature concerning its clinical course. In the present study, a group of 19 patients with subacute encephalitis was followed for an average of 210 days. A steady progression of the disease was documented using the Karnofsky index. An advanced disease, rated according to the Walther Reed staging classification, but not isolated immunological parameters such as the ratio of OKT4/8 subsets are associated with more rapid progression of the encephalitis. Age, social status, duration of HIV positivity and antibody titers to cytomegalovirus could not be identified as contributing factors.", "18088022": "Contradictory reports of the sensitivity of skin tests in quinolone allergy have been reported. Our objectives were to describe the outcome of quinolone skin and challenge tests in patients consulting because of a history of adverse reaction to quinolone and to compare the outcome of quinolone skin tests and challenge tests in the subsample of patients who had undergone both tests.", "2404951": "Escherichia coli B and K-12 are equally susceptible to the bacteriostatic effects of aerobic paraquat, but they differed strikingly when the lethality of paraquat was evaluated. E. coli B suffered an apparent loss of viability when briefly exposed to paraquat, whereas E. coli K-12 did not. This difference depended on the ability of the B strain, but not the K-12 strain, to retain internalized paraquat; the B strain was killed on aerobic tryptic soy-yeast extract plates during the incubation which preceded the counting of colonies. This difference in retention of paraquat between strains was demonstrated by delayed loss of viability, by growth inhibition, and by cyanide-resistant respiration after brief exposure to paraquat, washing, and testing in fresh medium. This difference was also shown by using [14C]paraquat. This previously unrecognized difference between E. coli B and K-12 has been the cause of apparently contradictory reports and should lead to some reevaluation of the pertinent literature.", "23184911": "Contradictory reports ascribe neonatal hyperthyrotropinemia (HT) to prematurity or small weight for gestational age. We aimed to evaluate the association between neonatal HT and birth weight (BW), recovery rate of the disorder, and possible association with perinatal stress.", "16350817": "There are contradictory reports about the prevalence of cholelithiasis in chronic kidney disease (CKD). The pathogenesis of gallstones is associated with the lithogenic changes of bile composition, increased tendency to nucleation, and decreased gallbladder motility. The studies related to these factors can predict the development of cholelithiasis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the ultrasonic gallbladder function in CKD and to compare it in predialysis (PreD), hemodialysis (HD), and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) patients.", "10835047": "Dihydropyridines (DHPs) are widely used antihypertensive drugs and inhibit excitation-contraction (E-C) coupling in vascular smooth muscle and in myocardial cells by antagonizing L-type Ca2+ channels (DHP receptors). However, contradictory reports exist about the interaction of the DHP with the skeletal muscle isoform of the DHP receptor and E-C coupling in skeletal muscle cells. Using the intracellular fluorescent Ca2+ indicator fura-2, an increase in [Ca2+]i was observed after extracellular application of nifedipine to cultured human skeletal muscle cells. The rise in [Ca2+]i was dose dependent with a calculated EC50 of 614 +/- 96 nM nifedipine and a maximum increment in [Ca2+]i of 80 +/- 3.2 nM. Similar values were obtained with nitrendipine. This effect of DHPs was restricted to differentiated skeletal muscle cells and was not seen in non-differentiated cells or in PC12 cells. In spite of the observed increase in [Ca2+]i, whole-cell patch clamp experiments revealed that 10 microM nifedipine abolished inward Ba2+ currents through L-type Ca2+ channels completely. Similar to nifedipine, (+/-)Bay K 8644, an agonist of the L-type Ca2+ channel, also increased [Ca2+]i. This effect could not be enhanced by further addition of nifedipine, suggesting that both DHPs act via a common signalling pathway. Based on the specific mechanism of the skeletal muscle E-C coupling, we propose the stabilization of a conformational state of the DHP receptor by DHPs, which is sufficient to activate the ryanodine receptor.", "28196456": "Silver nanoparticles (AgNPs) are the most commonly used nanoparticles (NPs) in medicine, industry and cosmetics. They are generally considered as biocompatible. However, contradictory reports on their biosafety render them difficult to accept as 'safe'. In this study, we evaluated the neurotoxicity of direct AgNP treatment in rat hippocampal slices. We produced pure uncoated AgNPs by a pulsed laser ablation method. NP characterization was performed by Ultraviolet (UV) visible spectrophotometer, scanning electron microscope, transmission electron microscope (TEM) and energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy. Rat hippocampal slices were treated with AgNPs for an hour. AgNP exposure of hippocampal tissue resulted in a significant decrease in cell survival in a dose-dependent manner. Our TEM results showed that AgNPs were distributed in the extracellular matrix and were taken into the cytoplasm of the neurons. Moreover, we found that only larger AgNPs were taken into the neurons via phagocytosis. This study showed that the pure AgNPs produced by laser ablation are toxic to the neural tissue. We also found that neurons internalized only the large NPs by phagocytosis which seems to be the major mechanism in AgNP neurotoxicity.", "18415209": "Opioids are given for acute intra- and postope-rative pain relief or for chronic cancer pain. In the literature there are only rare and contradictory reports on the oral administration of opioids for chronic non-malignant pain. However, there is no reason to withhold strong analgesics for patients with severe pain. When all other thrapeutic measures fail to control pain, patients with non-malignant pain can also be treated by opioids. We report 70 patients with severe pain who were given opioids as the ultima ratio in pain therapy: 50 received buprenorphine sublingual tablets, 13 received morphine sustained release tablets and the remaining 7 were treated with other opioids. The mean daily dose was 1.45 mg buprenorphine or 87.6 mg morphine. The dosage increased in 12 of the 50 patients treated with buprenorphine while 5 of the 13 morphine patients needed increasing dosage. The other patients had a constant dosage after the initial period of dose-finding. In more than 50% the pain could be effectively controlled by oral opioids. The general performance status (Karnofsky) increased from 63.6% to 74.1%. The typical side effects were constipation and nausea. Prophylaxis of constipation is most important during opioid therapy. No case of respiratory depression or opioid addiction was registered. Our results show that patients with musculo-skeletal and deafferentation pain respond better to opioids than patients with headache. Negative results were observed in some patients with neuropathic pain. The results of the study show that opioids are justifiable for the treatment of non-malignant pain and can be given without danger over a long period of time. Side effects are controlled by additional medication. The principle of opioid administration is prophylaxis of pain -therefore, they should be given \"by the clock\". Opioids are not only indicated in malignant illness, but also according to severity of pain and by the failure of other measures to control pain.", "16503402": "Until recently, the study of hormonal influences in Alzheimer disease was limited to the role of sex steroids. Despite numerous epidemiological studies supporting a protective role for estrogen in Alzheimer disease, recent studies show that estrogen administration in elderly women increases the risk of disease. Reconciling these contradictory reports, we previously hypothesized that other hormones of the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis, such as luteinizing hormone, may be involved in the onset and development of the disease. In this regard, luteinizing hormone is elevated in Alzheimer disease and is known to modulate amyloidogenic processing of amyloid-beta protein precursor. Therefore, in this study, to evaluate the therapeutic potential of luteinizing hormone ablation, we administered a gonadotropin-releasing hormone analogue, leuprolide acetate, to an aged transgenic mouse model of Alzheimer disease (Tg 2576) and measured cognitive Y-maze performance and amyloid-beta deposition after 3 months of treatment. Our data indicate that luteinizing hormone ablation significantly attenuated cognitive decline and decreased amyloid-beta deposition as compared to placebo-treated animals. Importantly, leuprolide acetate-mediated reduction of amyloid-beta correlated with improved cognition. Since both cognitive loss and amyloid-beta deposition are features of Alzheimer disease, leuprolide acetate treatment may prove to be a useful therapeutic strategy for this disease.", "9833582": "Because of various contradictory reports in the literature and an increasingly urgent need for preoperative evaluation of adnexal masses before laparoscopic surgery, our aim was to disclose if examination by means of color Doppler ultrasound is useful in distinguishing benign from malignant adnexal tumors in our population. Prior to surgery, pulsed color Doppler velocimetry of the adnexal blood supply was performed in a prospective study in 80 patients with benign and 40 with malignant adnexal tumors. Vascularization was equally frequent in both groups of tumors. Blood vessels of benign tumors had a diffuse, intraseptal or intraproliferative location significantly more often and malignant tumor vessels more often exhibited a diffuse, intraseptal or intraproliferative location (p < 0.01). The mean value of RI+/-SD was 0.56+/-0.14 in benign and 0.33+/-0.13 in malignant tumors. The differences in RI between benign and malignant tumors are statistically significant (p < 0.01). In detecting malignant adnexal tumors, the sensitivity of RI < or = 0.40 is 82%, its specificity 97%, positive predictive value 94%, negative predictive value 92% and its accuracy 92%. The analysis of vascularization presence seems not to have any value in predicting the nature of adnexal tumors, and blood vessels arrangement, as well as measured RI < or = 0.40, allows us to predict the presence of malignancy with limited reliability.", "28490351": "There are contradictory reports concerning the validity of transcranial sonography (TCD and TCCS) for examinations of the basilar artery. Here we investigated sensitivity and specificity of transcranial sonography for the detection of basilar artery stenosis and in-stent-restenosis compared to cerebral angiography.", "16208500": "Much of the current interest in pollen time series analysis is motivated by the possibility that pollen series arise from low-dimensional chaotic systems. If this is the case, short-range prediction using nonlinear modeling is justified and would produce high-quality forecasts that could be useful in providing pollen alerts to allergy sufferers. To date, contradictory reports about the characterization of the dynamics of pollen series can be found in the literature. Pollen series have been alternatively described as featuring and not featuring deterministic chaotic behavior. We showed that the choice of test for detection of deterministic chaos in pollen series is difficult because pollen series exhibit [see text] power spectra. This is a characteristic that is also produced by colored noise series, which mimic deterministic chaos in most tests. We proposed to apply the Ikeguchi-Aihara test to properly detect the presence of deterministic chaos in pollen series. We examined the dynamics of cedar (Cryptomeria japonica) hourly pollen series by means of the Ikeguchi-Aihara test and concluded that these pollen series cannot be described as low-dimensional deterministic chaos. Therefore, the application of low-dimensional chaotic deterministic models to the prediction of short-range pollen concentration will not result in high-accuracy pollen forecasts even though these models may provide useful forecasts for certain applications. We believe that our conclusion can be generalized to pollen series from other wind-pollinated plant species, as wind speed, the forcing parameter of the pollen emission and transport, is best described as a nondeterministic series that originates in the high dimensionality of the atmosphere.", "11925110": "The involvement of p53 as a determinant of chemosensitivity or radiosensitivity is not well understood and is complicated by numerous contradictory reports. Here we have addressed this issue using a series of isogenic clones derived from two neuroblastoma cell lines that express wild-type p53 genes, Nub7 and IMR32. Two different mutant p53 transgenes were used in an attempt to disrupt p53 function in the clones. Our findings indicate that the cellular response is dependent on the genotoxic agent used as well as on the specific p53 transgene used. Cellular radiosensitivity showed no association with apoptosis or with the ability of the cells to arrest in G1 after irradiation. An association was observed, however, between gamma-radiation sensitivity and DNA double-strand break rejoining activity.", "20203199": "Striatal dopamine (DA) and acetylcholine (ACh) regulate motivated behaviors and striatal plasticity. Interactions between these neurotransmitters may be important, through synchronous changes in parent neuron activities and reciprocal presynaptic regulation of release. How DA signaling is regulated by striatal muscarinic receptors (mAChRs) is unresolved; contradictory reports indicate suppression or facilitation, implicating several mAChR subtypes on various neurons. We investigated whether mAChR regulation of DA signaling varies with presynaptic activity and identified the mAChRs responsible in sensorimotor- versus limbic-associated striatum. We detected DA in real time at carbon fiber microelectrodes in mouse striatal slices. Broad-spectrum mAChR agonists [oxotremorine-M, APET (arecaidine propargyl ester tosylate)] decreased DA release evoked by low-frequency stimuli (1-10 Hz, four pulses) but increased the sensitivity of DA release to presynaptic activity, even enhancing release by high frequencies (e.g., >25 Hz for four pulses). These bidirectional effects depended on ACh input to striatal nicotinic receptors (nAChRs) on DA axons but not GABA or glutamate input. In caudate-putamen (CPu), knock-out of M(2)- or M(4)-mAChRs (not M(5)) prevented mAChR control of DA, indicating that M(2)- and M(4)-mAChRs are required. In nucleus accumbens (NAc) core or shell, mAChR function was prevented in M(4)-knock-outs, but not M(2)- or M(5)-knock-outs. These data indicate that striatal mAChRs, by inhibiting ACh release from cholinergic interneurons and thus modifying nAChR activity, offer variable control of DA release probability that promotes how DA release reflects activation of dopaminergic axons. Furthermore, different coupling of striatal M(2)/M(4)-mAChRs to the control of DA release in CPu versus NAc suggests targets to influence DA/ACh function differentially between striatal domains.", "8144511": "Endothelin-1 (ET-1) is a potent vasoconstrictor peptide originally purified from endothelial cell-conditioned medium. It has multiple biological activities and has been implicated in a number of human diseases, including hypertension and atherosclerosis. Contradictory reports have been published regarding whether ET-1 is a mitogen for vascular smooth muscle cells (SMC); thus, this issue is presently unresolved. In this study, we demonstrate that rat aortic SMC express functional endothelin cell surface receptors but do not proliferate when ET-1 is added to serum-free culture medium on every other day for a period of 1 week. To determine whether ET-1 could function in an autocrine manner to promote SMC growth, we transfected this same cell line with an ET-1 expression plasmid. Several independent lines expressing variable levels of ET-1 mRNA and biologically active ET-1 were obtained. Cell proliferation assays indicated that the transfected SMC line secreting the highest level of ET-1 had an enhanced growth rate when compared with untransfected or vector-alone transfected cells. The growth rate of this SMC line, but not of untransfected cells, was significantly reduced when the ETA receptor subtype-selective antagonist BQ-123 was included in the culture medium. These results indicate that constitutive ET-1 overexpression can promote SMC proliferation. Therefore, it is possible that under certain conditions ET-1 could be an important factor controlling SMC replication in vivo.", "21374593": "Androgens are known to modulate the skeletal muscle proliferation and differentiation processes. Recent in vitro studies have shown that dihydrotestosterone and anabolic steroids have functions in promoting the proliferation and differentiation of the mouse skeletal muscle myoblast C2C12 cell line through the classical androgen receptor (AR) signaling pathway. But there are contradictory reports that androgen plays its roles through the membrane signaling pathways. In the present study, we show that there is no expression of the classical AR in L6 cells both at gene and protein levels. We then investigated the effects of testosterone (T) on L6 cell proliferation and differentiation. The results show that T promotes L6 cell proliferation after a 24 h treatment, which followed by enhancing L6 cell differentiation, but these effects are not inhibited by flutamide (F), an antagonist of intracellular AR. Further, we tested the effect of testosterone covalently bounding to albumin (T-BSA), which does not cross the plasma membrane. The results demonstrate that T-BSA and free T have similar effects on L6 cell proliferation and differentiation, and that these effects involve G protein-coupled receptors and different downstream pathways. The L6 cell proliferation induced by T involves PKC and ERK1/2 signaling pathways and cell differentiation happens via the PKA signaling pathway. These results suggest that T promotes cell proliferation and differentiation via G protein-coupled receptors and different downstream pathways in the L6 cell line, although the related molecular mechanisms need to be elucidated in future studies.", "11857540": "There are contradictory reports regarding the effects of inhalation anesthetics on the immune system. Measurable immune responses have been studied in vitro, but little is known about the in vivo effects in the intact organism. We used an attenuated, non-neuroinvasive, nonlethal strain of the encephalitic West Nile virus, termed WN-25, which can become lethal in combination with environmental stressors, to study possible modulatory immune effects of inhalation anesthetics in mice. Both single short-term exposure and repeated exposure to halothane and nitrous oxide were studied. Exposure to 30% CO2 served as a positive control. Mortality, brain invasion, spleen weight, and antiviral antibodies served as the experimental endpoints. Halothane and nitrous oxide led to viral brain invasion, increased mortality, and suppressed immune response in a concentration- and time-dependent manner. Repeated exposures had a cumulative effect. Assessment of the stability of the viral attenuation did not demonstrate any alteration in the character of the virus, suggesting an increased access to the brain by inhalation anesthetics that led to the fatal encephalitis. These findings may be of special concern to populations at risk, such as operating room staff and patients undergoing general anesthesia in endemic areas of encephalitic virus species, in which subclinical infection may develop into an overt disease.", "27558024": "Many studies address the prevalence of medication errors but few address medication errors serious enough to be regarded as malpractice. Other studies have analyzed the individual and system contributory factor leading to a medication error. Nurses have a key role in medication administration, and there are contradictory reports on the nurses' work experience in relation to the risk and type for medication errors.", "12464266": "Soluble Fas ligand (sFasL) is released from the cell surface by matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), one of which is MMP-7. We have reported that MMP-7-generated sFasL is pro-apoptotic in both in vitro and in vivo systems. However, there are contradictory reports that the soluble form of FasL is inactive or anti-apoptotic, resulting in significant controversy in the literature. One potential explanation for these discrepancies is that forms of sFasL with different amino-terminal sequences have been demonstrated to have varying activities. Here we report that MMP-7 cleaves murine and human FasL at sites that are distinct from previously reported cleavage sites resulting in production of novel forms of sFasL. Cleavage of FasL by MMP-7 occurs at the leucine residues in the sequence \"ELAELR\" within the region between the transmembrane and trimerization domains. When this site is unavailable, a more c-terminal site, \"SL,\" is cleaved. MMP-7 differentially processes murine and human FasL since it cleaves human FasL not only at the \"ELAELR\" site but also at a previously identified site. Additionally, MMP-3, but not MMP-2, was found to have the same cleavage specificity for murine FasL as MMP-7. We conclude that the controversy regarding the biological activity of sFasL may be explained, in part, by the generation of distinct forms of sFasL as a result of cleavage at specific sequences.", "20191371": "The ectomycorrhizal (EcM) symbiosis involves a large number of plant and fungal taxa worldwide. During studies on EcM diversity, numerous misidentifications, and contradictory reports on EcM status have been published. This review aims to: (1) critically assess the current knowledge of the fungi involved in the EcM by integrating data from axenic synthesis trials, anatomical, molecular, and isotope studies; (2) group these taxa into monophyletic lineages based on molecular sequence data and published phylogenies; (3) investigate the trophic status of sister taxa to EcM lineages; (4) highlight other potentially EcM taxa that lack both information on EcM status and DNA sequence data; (5) recover the main distribution patterns of the EcM fungal lineages in the world. Based on critically examining original reports, EcM lifestyle is proven in 162 fungal genera that are supplemented by two genera based on isotopic evidence and 52 genera based on phylogenetic data. Additionally, 33 genera are highlighted as potentially EcM based on habitat, although their EcM records and DNA sequence data are lacking. Molecular phylogenetic and identification studies suggest that EcM symbiosis has arisen independently and persisted at least 66 times in fungi, in the Basidiomycota, Ascomycota, and Zygomycota. The orders Pezizales, Agaricales, Helotiales, Boletales, and Cantharellales include the largest number of EcM fungal lineages. Regular updates of the EcM lineages and genera therein can be found at the UNITE homepage http://unite.ut.ee/EcM_lineages . The vast majority of EcM fungi evolved from humus and wood saprotrophic ancestors without any obvious reversals. Herbarium records from 11 major biogeographic regions revealed three main patterns in distribution of EcM lineages: (1) Austral; (2) Panglobal; (3) Holarctic (with or without some reports from the Austral or tropical realms). The holarctic regions host the largest number of EcM lineages; none are restricted to a tropical distribution with Dipterocarpaceae and Caesalpiniaceae hosts. We caution that EcM-dominated habitats and hosts in South America, Southeast Asia, Africa, and Australia remain undersampled relative to the north temperate regions. In conclusion, EcM fungi are phylogenetically highly diverse, and molecular surveys particularly in tropical and south temperate habitats are likely to supplement to the present figures. Due to great risk of contamination, future reports on EcM status of previously unstudied taxa should integrate molecular identification tools with axenic synthesis experiments, detailed morphological descriptions, and/or stable isotope investigations. We believe that the introduced lineage concept facilitates design of biogeographical studies and improves our understanding about phylogenetic structure of EcM fungal communities.", "15379604": "Based on epidemiological and observational studies, estrogen and hormone-replacement therapy were until recently viewed as major factors in the prevention of Alzheimer's disease (AD). However, a recent randomized clinical trial revealed that hormone replacement therapy using estrogen plus progestin may actually exacerbate the incidence of dementia when administered to elderly women. These contradictory reports have cast grave doubt on the role of estrogen in disease pathogenesis and led us to consider an alternate hypothesis that would be consistent with both observations. Specifically, we suspect that hormones of the hypothalamic pituitary gonadal axis such as gonadotropins, that are regulated by estrogen (or in males by testosterone), are involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease. One such gonadotropin, luteinizing hormone (LH), is significantly elevated in both the sera and brain tissue of patients with AD and leads to an increased production of amyloid-beta. Importantly, a key role in disease pathogenesis is further supported by the fact that the distribution of neuronal receptors for LH parallels those populations of neurons that degenerate during the course of the disease. That gonadotropins, not estrogen nor testosterone, mediate disease pathogenesis has led to a paradigm shift, not only for the treatment of AD but a wide variety of other age-related diseases. Therefore, the effects of agents that abolish LH, such as leuprolide acetate, which are currently being evaluated in Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of AD, are eagerly anticipated.", "6300315": "The ability of different strains of a single virus type to produce different pathogenic expressions is well documented within the picornavirus group. Coxsackievirus, group B, type 4 (CB4) has been associated with viral-induced diabetes in man, but expression of its potential to induce diabetes in experimental animals is variable. Evidence is presented here for one of the primary sources of this variability that could explain resulting contradictory reports offered in support or rejection of its diabetogenic potential. C57B1/6 and SWR mice were infected with the Edwards isolate of CB4 (CB4-Edw) and three of its plaque-purified virion \"strains.\" These were designated Edwards isolate-1 (E1), E2, and E3. CB4-Edw, E1, E2, and E3 were serologically similar by infectivity neutralization tests, had identical plaque morphology, and replicated to a similar level in the pancreas. The most profound difference was the level of virus antigen accumulation in the islet cells as determined by immunoperoxidase localization. CB4-Edw had moderate antigen accumulation in most islet cells of SWR mice but was restricted to only a few specific cells within the periphery islets of C57B1/6 mice. Unlike CB4-Edw all three new isolates accumulated antigen in most islet cells of both mouse strains. Virus isolate (strain) E2 showed the most intense accumulation in islet cells. These observations suggest that the Edwards isolate of CB4, like other human isolates of CB4 virus, probably exists as a heterogeneous population of virion strains. The pathogenic consequences and expression of any diabetogenic potential is, therefore, dependent on virus strain selection. This diversity must be considered when evaluating the pathogenic nature of CB4 viruses in experimental animals and the possible role of the viruses in diabetes of man.", "19649704": "Doxorubicin is one of the most effective molecules used in the treatment of various tumors. Contradictory reports often open windows to understand the doxorubicin-mediated signaling to exert its apoptosis effect. In this report, we provide evidences that doxorubicin induced biphasic induction of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) of immediate activation followed by decrease in the amount of RelA (p65) subunit possibly by inducing the activity of proteasome, but not proteases. Further induction of NF-kappaB was observed through interleukin 8 (IL-8), expressed by doxorubicin treatment. Increased amount of IL-8 induced apoptosis via increase in the releases of intracellular Ca(2+), activation of calcineurin, nuclear translocation of nuclear factor activated T cell (NF-AT), and NF-AT-dependent FasL expression. Anti-IL-8 or -FasL antibody, dominant negative TRAF6 (TRAF6-DN), or TRAF6 binding peptide (TRAF6-BP) inhibited doxorubicin-mediated late phase induction of NF-kappaB and diminished cell death. Thus, our study clearly demonstrated that doxorubicin-mediated cell death is obtained through expression of IL-8. IL-8-mediated calcification is required for enhancement of doxorubicin-mediated cell death. Overall, this study will help to understand the much studied chemotherapeutic drug, doxorubicin-mediated cell signaling cascade to exert its effect during chemotherapy.", "9550023": "Three methods for temporarily filling root canals with calcium hydroxide pastes were compared. Each of 20 root canals of extracted, human, single-rooted teeth was shaped with hand instruments under standardized conditions up to ISO size 50 and filled using a syringe system, a lentulo spiral or an endodontic reamer. Quality of fillings was assessed radiographically and by inspecting ground preparations. Ridit (relative to an identified distribution) analysis was employed to confirm differences in frequencies of certain quality criteria obtained with various application methods. With regard to degree of obturation and occurrence of porosities, application of temporary fillings with a lentulo spiral or syringe system revealed significantly better results than application with hand instruments (reamer). No differences with regard to degree of obturation were detected when comparing results obtained with syringe or lentulo. Fewer porosities in the apical part of the root canal were seen, both on radiographs and ground sections, with the syringe system compared with the lentulo spiral. In the presence of some contradictory reports found in the literature, the present study suggests that, after straight or slightly curved root canals have been shaped up to at least ISO size 50, high quality temporary root canal fillings may be obtained by application of an aqueous suspension of calcium hydroxide with a syringe system.", "19181741": "Although preimplantation genetic screening (PGS) is widely offered, there are contradictory reports on the clinical merit of this procedure. Any gain from embryo selection following aneuploidy screening must significantly outweigh the impact of the procedure. Variability of technical expertise in embryo biopsy, blastomere fixation, fluorescence in situ hybridization analysis, along with suboptimal laboratory quality control and inappropriate patient selection may impact PGS outcomes.", "2124983": "The immunologic basis of inflammatory bowel disease has been the focus of interest of a series of studies on Crohn's disease and the process of immune sensitization at the gastrointestinal mucosal level is functionally poorly understood. To date only few contradictory reports concerning the incidence of autoantibodies in patients with this disease exist. The aim of this study was to investigate the sera drawn from 60 patients suffering from biopsy-proven Crohn's disease to evaluate the prevalence of autoantibodies against nuclear antigens and cytoskeletal proteins. Using standard methods, no anti-nuclear antibodies or antibodies to extractable nuclear antigens could be detected. All sera were also negative for antibodies to double-stranded DNA, anti-mitochondrial antibodies, and antibodies to gastric parietal cells. Using sensitive enzyme-linke immunosorbent assays with purified antigens and Western blotting with cytoskeletal proteins of human intestinal cells, the following antibodies could be demonstrated: cytokeratin 18 autoantibodies (IgG 20.0%; IgM 6.7%; IgA 13.3%), actin antibodies (IgG 36.7%; IgM 48.3%, IgA 26.7%), desmin antibodies (IgG 6.7%; IgM 15.08%; IgA 5.0%), vimentin antibodies (IgG 3.3%; IgM 16.7%; IgA 10.0%) and tropomyosin antibodies (IgG 3.3%; IgM 3.3%, IgA 5.0%). Statistically significant correlations could be found for levels of cytokeratin 18 antibodies (IgM-type) and the BEST index of activity, and for levels of desmin antibodies (IgM-type) and the van HEES index of activity. Highest levels could be measured for actin antibodies (IgG-type) in patients with isolated disease manifestation in the colon. The mechanism of induction of autoantibodies against cytoskeletal components in Crohn's disease still remains obscure. Unmasking of hidden antigens after cell injury during the inflammatory process of disease might lead to sensitization and antibody production. The pattern of antibodies in patients with Crohn's disease seems to be different compared with that of connective tissue diseases.", "12561595": "There are contradictory reports on the prevalence of bone fractures associated with long-term fluoride exposure from drinking water. The prevalence of bone fracture in six rural areas of China and the exposure of fluoride in drinking water was investigated. The data including medical history and demographic information, bone fractures, fluoride content in drinking water, physical activity, cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and dietary intakes were collected. A retrospective epidemiological study by using the same design, method, quality control and the same questionnaire was conducted. A total of 8266 male and female over 50 years of age were divided into 6 groups by the fluoride concentrations in drinking water. The subjects in each group exposed to different levels of fluoride (0.25-0.34, 0.58-0.73, 1.00-1.06, 1.45-2.19, 2.62-3.58 and 4.32-7.97 mg/L) were 1363, 1407, 1370, 1574, 1051 and 1501 respectively. It has been confirmed that drinking water was the only major source of fluoride exposure in the studied populations. The total bone fracture rates were 7.41%, 6.40%, 5.11%, 6.04%, 6.09% and 7.40% in each group. Natural bone fracture rates in each group were 3.01%, 2.21%, 1.31%, 1.65%, 1.43% and 3.66% respectively. The prevalence of bone fracture and water fluoride level appeared a U-shaped relationship. The prevalence of total bone fracture and natural bone fracture in the population with fluoride 1.00-1.06 mg/L in drinking water was the lowest, compared with the groups exposed to fluoride higher than 4.32 mg/L and lower than 0.73 mg/L. The highest prevalence of hip fracture was in the group with higher water fluoride (4.32-7.97 mg/L) exposure. In general, the prevalence of hip fracture was lower and stable up to 1.06 mg/L of fluoride in drinking water, and then it appeared to rise. Based on the data collected in this investigation, it is concluded that the long-term fluoride exposure from drinking water higher than 4.32 mg/L might increase the risk of overall fractures as well as hip fractures. The risk of overall fractures and natural fractures might be lower while the water fluoride level is at 1.00-1.06 mg/L, however, no protective benefits of fluoride for the risk of hip fracture was observed.", "1730748": "Casein kinase II (CK II) has been implicated in regulating multiple processes related to cell growth, proliferation, and differentiation. To better understand the function(s) and regulation of this ubiquitous kinase, it is important to know its subcellular distribution. However, this issue has been the subject of contradictory reports. In this study, we have used indirect immunofluorescence microscopy and cell fractionation to study the subcellular distribution of all three subunits of chicken CK II, alpha, alpha', and beta. We examined primary chick embryo fibroblasts, virally transformed chicken hepatoma cells, as well as HeLa cells transiently transfected with cDNAs encoding chicken CK II subunits. We found that each of the three CK II subunits was located predominantly in the cell nucleus, irrespective of the cell type analyzed or the procedure used for cell fixation. No major differences were detected in the subcellular distributions of individual CK II subunits, and no evidence was obtained for subunit redistributions during interphase of the cell cycle. During mitosis, the bulk of the enzyme was dispersed throughout the cell, though a fraction of all three subunits was associated with the mitotic spindle. Biochemical studies based on mechanical enucleation of chicken cells confirmed the predominantly nuclear location of all three CK II subunits. Finally, immunoblotting experiments were carried out to study the expression of CK II subunits. A survey of different adult chicken tissues revealed substantial tissue-specific differences in the levels of CK II protein, but no evidence was obtained for pronounced tissue specificity in the expression of individual CK II subunits. These results strongly suggest that CK II functions primarily in regulating nuclear activities, and that the two catalytic subunits, alpha and alpha', may carry out overlapping functions.", "20026229": "Asymmetries of multiple components of the rodent cerebrum have been described at various levels of organization. Yet, despite its ubiquitous nature, many confusing and sometimes contradictory reports regarding structural asymmetries in the rodent brain have been published. There is a need, therefore, for a whole-brain imaging analysis technique for asymmetry studies that is both accurate, reproducible and robust. To this end, a comprehensive three-dimensional examination of differences in brain structure in an inbred mouse strain was undertaken. The goal of this study was thus to use high-resolution magnetic resonance imaging to assess structural asymmetries in the adult C57Bl/6J mouse brain. Fixed brain T2-weighted images of 20 male C57Bl/6J mice were acquired on a 7T scanner at 32 microm isotropic resolution. We used voxel-based analyses to examine structural asymmetries throughout the whole mouse brain. The striatum, medial-posterior regions of the thalamus, and motor, sensorimotor, and visual cortex were found to be asymmetrical. The most significant asymmetry was found in the hippocampus and, specifically, the dentate gyrus. In each case, the left region was larger than the right. No other regions of the mouse brain showed structural asymmetry. The results in the dentate gyrus were confirmed using stereology, revealing a correlation of r=0.61 between magnetic resonance and stereological measures. Hippocampal, along with cortical asymmetry, has been discussed repeatedly in the literature, yet a clear pattern of directionality, until this point, has not been described. The findings of asymmetry in the striatum and absence of asymmetry in the rest of the brain are novel and show the advantage of using the whole-brain three-dimensional techniques developed herein for assessing asymmetry.", "29029067": "The increase in antibiotic resistance in Gram-negative bacteria and the limited therapeutic options due to the shortage of new antibiotics have increased the interest of the 'old' antibiotic fosfomycin in the treatment of infections. However, there are contradictory reports on the pharmacodynamics of and emergence of resistance to fosfomycin.", "24083141": "Although sildenafil citrate, one of the selective phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitors, is considered the best treatment for erectile dysfunction, studies have shown that it has also a beneficial effect on a variety of cardiovascular conditions. In spite of reports of a significant protective effect of sildenafil against necrosis in intact hearts, there are also contradictory reports regarding its beneficial effect on the heart. Since there are not enough reports regarding the histomorphological changes in the cardiomyocytes after exposure to sildenafil citrate, the present study was conducted to observe the same along with other biochemical parameters.", "19183815": "Staphylococcus aureus is an important human commensal and opportunistic pathogen responsible for a wide range of infections. Long chain unsaturated free fatty acids represent a barrier to colonisation and infection by S. aureus and act as an antimicrobial component of the innate immune system where they are found on epithelial surfaces and in abscesses. Despite many contradictory reports, the precise anti-staphylococcal mode of action of free fatty acids remains undetermined. In this study, transcriptional (microarrays and qRT-PCR) and translational (proteomics) analyses were applied to ascertain the response of S. aureus to a range of free fatty acids. An increase in expression of the sigma(B) and CtsR stress response regulons was observed. This included increased expression of genes associated with staphyloxanthin synthesis, which has been linked to membrane stabilisation. Similarly, up-regulation of genes involved in capsule formation was recorded as were significant changes in the expression of genes associated with peptidoglycan synthesis and regulation. Overall, alterations were recorded predominantly in pathways involved in cellular energetics. In addition, sensitivity to linoleic acid of a range of defined (sigB, arcA, sasF, sarA, agr, crtM) and transposon-derived mutants (vraE, SAR2632) was determined. Taken together, these data indicate a common mode of action for long chain unsaturated fatty acids that involves disruption of the cell membrane, leading to interference with energy production within the bacterial cell. Contrary to data reported for other strains, the clinically important EMRSA-16 strain MRSA252 used in this study showed an increase in expression of the important virulence regulator RNAIII following all of the treatment conditions tested. An adaptive response by S. aureus of reducing cell surface hydrophobicity was also observed. Two fatty acid sensitive mutants created during this study were also shown to diplay altered pathogenesis as assessed by a murine arthritis model. Differences in the prevalence and clinical importance of S. aureus strains might partly be explained by their responses to antimicrobial fatty acids.", "23252683": "The administration of therapeutic factor VIII (FVIII) to patients with haemophilia A induces the development of inhibitory anti-FVIII IgG in a substantial number of patients. For an antigen-specific immune response to develop, antigen-presenting cells (APCs) need to mature and procure appropriate co-stimulatory signals to T cells at the time of presentation of the endocytosed antigen. The nature of the danger signals that induce APC maturation, thus initiating the anti-FVIII immune response, are yet ill-characterized. Contradictory reports on a direct effect of therapeutic FVIII on APC maturation have been released. Here, we investigated whether FVIII directly triggers Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) signalling. The capacity of human recombinant FVIII to promote the maturation of a mouse bone marrow macrophage cell line (BMA) was investigated by flow cytometry. In parallel, the triggering of TLR1.2 or TLR2.6-expressing HEK293 cells by FVIII was analysed following transfection of the cells with a reporter construct for NF\u03baB activity. In contrast, to zymosan, a known TLR2 agonist, human recombinant FVIII did not induce the maturation of mouse BMA macrophages, as analysed by the levels of expression of CD80, CD86, CD40 and I-Ab at the cell surface. Furthermore, incubation of FVIII with cells expressing TLR2 paired with TLR1 or TLR6, failed to activate NF\u03baB, whereas NK\u03baB activity was triggered in the presence of zymosan. Our results confirm that FVIII alone is insufficient to trigger the maturation of APCs that is required to initiate an immune response.", "15459532": "Much is known about the worldwide rising incidence of skin cancers in the white populations. However, contradictory reports have been presented about a gender-linked risk for malignant melanoma (MM).", "26345679": "Religiosity is a factor involved in the management of health and diseases/patient longevity. This review article uses comprehensive, evidence-based studies to evaluate the nature of religiosity that can be used in clinical studies, thus avoiding contradictory reports which arise from misinterpretation of religiosity. We conclude that religiosity is multidimensional in nature and ultimately associated with inherent protection against diseases and overall better quality of life. However, a number of untouched aspects of religiosity need to be investigated further before we can introduce religiosity in its fully functional form to the realm of health care.", "18042067": "Inhibition of apoptosis is important in the pathogenesis of lymphomas. c-FLIP, a regulator of caspase 8-mediated apoptosis, plays an important role in protecting normal B and T cells from apoptosis and possibly also in lymphomas. Because of contradictory reports about immunohistochemical detection of c-FLIP expression, the aim was to test the specificity of four antibodies in c-FLIP-transfected cells and subsequently to investigate expression of c-FLIP in different types of lymphoma.", "6613216": "In view of contradictory reports on the bioavailability of cimetidine in the presence of concomitantly administered antacids we studied the areas under the plasma concentration time curves (AUC) of cimetidine, the maximal concentrations (cmax) and the time, at which cmax was reached (tmax) in eight patients (five patients with duodenal ulcer, three patients with gastric ulcer) with and without the administration of an aluminum hydroxide magnesium hydroxide containing antacid (Maaloxan). No significant effects of the antacid on AUC, cmax and tmax of cimetidine were found. In vitro studies also showed no adsorption of cimetidine to aluminum hydroxide, magnesium hydroxide or the antacid.", "10654948": "Aseptic meningitis is often reported to be characterized by a mononuclear cell predominance in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), whereas bacterial meningitis is characterized by a polymorphonuclear (PMN) cell predominance. In contrast, other studies suggest that PMNs can be the most prevalent cell in early aseptic meningitis followed by a shift to mononuclear cells within 24 hours. These contradictory reports may lead to uncertainty in the diagnosis and treatment of meningitis.", "25467622": "Recently, major attention has been paid to the role of hypoglycemia as a cardiovascular risk factor. While EURODIAB-investigators concluded that severe hypoglycemia is not a cardiovascular risk factor in type 1 diabetes, other investigators found the opposite. The primary purpose of this study was to investigate the role of severe hypoglycemia in atherosclerosis during the DCCT- and EDIC-years with special attention to overall glycemic levels.", "153319": "Contradictory reports in the literature on the reliability of lymphography stimulated the authors to test the diagnostic accuracy, employing methods which are approximately analogous to practice, using carcinoma of the cervix as the model on which the study was carried out. Using 21 observers it was found that there was no correlation between their experience and on-target accuracy of the diagnosis. Good observers obtained an accuracy of 85% with good proportions between sensitivity in the recognition of detail, specificity and readiness to arrive at a decision on the basis of discriminatory ability. With the help of the concept of the ROC curves, the position taken up by the observers in respect of diagnostic decisions, and a complex manner of assessing the various characteristic factors determining diagnostic accuracy, are demonstrated. This form of test, which permits manipulation of different variants of diagnosis, is recommended, among other things, for performance control at the end of training and continuing education courses in other fields of x-ray diagnosis as well.", "583403": "In view of the past contradictory reports concerning in vitro lymphocyte transformation induced by human thyroglobulin (Tg) in thyroid diseases, the present study was undertaken to re-examine the response using improved methods in cell separation, culture, and cell harvesting. It has been found that the optimal dose level of Tg for maximal blastogenesis in culture differs from patient to patient. Consequently, it is inappropriate to use a single dose level of Tg for evaluation of the blastogenesis in study groups. By using serial Tg dose levels of 0.5 through 30 micrograms/ml in cultures, it was found that that incidence of positive responders in Graves' disease was 69.2%, in Hashimoto's thyroiditis 71.4%, and in healthy controls 9.1%. Metastatic thyroid cancer patients responded in a 50% incidence. All of the positive responders in the cancer group had elevated Tg levels, but no anti-Tg antibody in their sera.", "25091820": "There are contradictory reports about the association of cytokines levels and major depressive disorder and the possible therapeutic role of aspirin for treating major depressive disorder (MDD). A clinical sample of adult out-patients with MDD was recruited. At recruitment, they were interviewed face to face according to DSM-IV diagnostic criteria. In addition, Hamilton depression rating scale was completed by a psychiatrist. The patients were invited to receive aspirin or placebo. All the 10 patients received 160mg/day aspirin plus citlaopram 20 mg/day. Eight out of ten patients showed severe anxiety and akathesia from early days of this trial. Except for two patients, we discontinued the medication during 14 days of this trial. Three patients were hospitalized due to anxiety and akathesia. Two patients reported suicidal behavior after the onset of this trial. This trial of aspirin adjuvant therapy for treating MDD suggests that this combination is not safe and there are some serious and intolerable adverse effects. This finding is in contrast to the suggestions assuming that aspirin may be effective for treating MDD. Aspirin may negatively impact on both pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines balance in depression. Aspirin may antagonize the antidepressant effect of citalopram.", "21253373": "Various maneuvers are commonly used to achieve the ideal operative field necessary for successful endoscopic sinus surgery (ESS). There are a few contradictory reports on this subject and the consensus is that propofol anesthesia results in a better or similar surgical field and less or similar amount of bleeding than volatile anesthesia. The aim of this study was to compare the surgical field in patients in whom intravenous anesthesia is used as opposed to balanced general anesthesia.", "25865982": "Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is a significant cause of contagious acute respiratory infections in children and older adults. Since there are contradictory reports regarding the efficacy of different methods to detect RSV, we evaluated the performance of the conventional PCR versus real-time PCR in 222 patients with acute respiratory infections (ARI) recruited between January 2012 and March 2013. Conventional PCR had a very poor sensitivity of 40% (95% CI: 19.2-63.9%) and failed to detect RSV in respiratory samples with low viral load. Thus, it may be prudent to replace it with real-time PCR to achieve precise diagnosis.", "26093697": "Kidney transplantation is the therapy of choice for a patient with end-stage renal disease. Although the number of patients with end-stage renal disease is in constant increase, the total number of renal transplants stays almost the same.", "23808779": "There are contradictory reports about the association of magnesium and attention- deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Moreover, some studies reported that magnesium is effective for treating ADHD. This is the first systematic review evaluating the effectiveness of magnesium to treat patients with ADHD. The two databases of MEDLINE/ PubMedline and Google Scholar were electronically searched using the search items and considering inclusion and exclusion criteria. Out of the 37 titles, only six studies were experimental interventional studies. However, three of these studies were without any control group. The other three studies were controlled clinical trials. Nevertheless, none of the studies was a randomized double- blind controlled clinical trial. These studies supported that magnesium is effective for treating ADHD. Magnesium monotherapy studies were not found. There is no well- controlled clinical trial investigating the efficacy and safety of magnesium for treating ADHD. In addition, the safety of magnesium in ADHD is ignored. Therefore, until further strong evidences for its efficacy and safety are provided, magnesium is not recommended for treating ADHD.", "12970254": "There have been contradictory reports about the outcomes of medically treated patients with type A aortic intramural hematoma (AIH), and it is not certain if the initial noninvasive imaging studies can provide any useful predictors for the adverse outcomes.", "22701329": "A number of epidemiological and clinical studies have demonstrated that plasma high-density lipoprotein (HDL) level is a strong inverse predictor of cardiovascular events. HDL is believed to retard the formation of atherosclerotic lesions by removing excess cholesterol from cells and preventing endothelial dysfunction. Lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) plays a central role in the formation and maturation of HDL, and in the intravascular stage of reverse cholesterol transport: a major mechanism by which HDL modulates the development and progression of atherosclerosis. A defect in LCAT function would be expected to enhance atherosclerosis, by interfering with the reverse cholesterol transport step. As such, one would expect to find more atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events in LCAT-deficient patients. But this relationship is not always evident. In this review, we describe contradictory reports in the literature about cardiovascular risks in this patient population. We discuss the paradoxical finding of severe HDL deficiency and an absence of subclinical atherosclerosis in LCAT-deficient patients, which has been used to reject the hypothesis that HDL level is important in the protection against atherosclerosis. Furthermore, to illustrate this paradoxical finding, we present a case study of one patient, referred for evaluation of global cardiovascular risk in the presence of a low HDL cholesterol level, who was diagnosed with LCAT gene mutations.", "11157806": "Hypothalamic gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) plays a major role in the endocrine control of reproduction. Acting through its high affinity receptors on pituitary gonadotrophs, it regulates the secretion of gonadotrophins. In addition, GnRH also functions as a local regulator in a number of other cell lines and tissues, including the placenta. In a manner analogous to hypothalamic GnRH stimulation of LH and FSH from the anterior pituitary, GnRH was found to cause a dose-dependent release of human chorionic gonadotrophin (HCG) from the placenta. So began the search for a putative GnRH receptor in the human placenta. Although early radio-receptor studies reported specific binding, the properties of these 'putative' GnRH binding sites were found to differ significantly from those of their pituitary counterparts in several important respects. This was followed by a series of contradictory reports that led to more questions and opened up avenues for further investigations. Even after nearly two decades of research, the human placental GnRH receptor has not been characterized beyond all reasonable doubt. This review recalls the discovery, the controversies and unanswered questions concerning the human placental GnRH receptor.", "17229085": "Glucocorticoid receptors are widely distributed in the cochlea but their role remains poorly known. Previous studies provided contradictory reports on a possible cochlear acoustic hypersensitivity induced by adrenal insufficiency, while several experiments agree on a significant action of glucocorticoid receptors in adverse conditions such as acoustic trauma and restraint stress. The present experiments confirmed a cochlear acoustic hypersensitivity induced by adrenalectomy and reversed by corticosterone supplementation. These observations point to a significant role of corticosteroids in basal cochlear functioning. The glucocorticoids are known to be essential for limiting and resolving inflammatory processes. The endotoxin Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide is widely used to induce inflammatory reactions. However, in various organs several toxic processes of this endotoxin are not influenced by glucocorticoids. From previous experiments on the cochlea there is no evidence that glucocorticoids are an essential factor against endotoxin cochlear toxicity. In the present experiments it was found that adrenalectomy greatly increased the cochlear susceptibility to endotoxin; the effect was reversed by providing corticosterone supplementation. This shows the essential role of corticosterone in this cochlear inflammation model. In previous studies local administration (at the cochlear base) of endotoxin was used and losses of cochlear acoustic sensitivity were found predominantly at high frequencies; in contrast, the systemic injection used in this study produced a cochlear loss of acoustic sensitivity at all frequencies, indicating a uniform cochlear sensitivity to the toxic effects of endotoxin.", "10850597": "Contradictory reports are published concerning the c-kit receptor (KIT) expression on human haematopoietic stem cells (HHSC). Therefore, the aim of this study was to reevaluate the expression of KIT on human early haematopoietic cells, and to study the distribution of HHSC among bone marrow mononuclear KIT+ and KIT- cells. First, we found that the detection sensitivity of the KIT expression on human HEL cells as well as CD34+ depends on the type of fluorochrome employed for the immunostaining (Cy5 > PE > FITC). Based on this observation, in our strategy for isolating human HHSC we employed a Cy-5 conjugated alpha-KIT MoAbs, which stained CD34+ cells in our preliminary studies the brightest. Accordingly, we labeled human BMMNC with PE-alpha-CD34 and Cy5-alpha-KIT MoAbs and subsequently sorted various subsets of labeled cells (CD34+KIT+, CD34+KIT- and CD34-KIT-). Cells sorted by FACS were then evaluated for their ability to engraft in the immunodeficient SCID mice model. We report here that only CD34+KIT+ cells, but not CD34+KIT- or CD34-KIT- were able to establish a human-murine haematopoietic chimerism in these animals. We found that SCID mice transplanted with CD34+ KIT+ cells, possessed approximately 5-11% of mononuclear cells, which expressed human CD45 antigen 4-5 weeks after transplantation in their bone marrow and, more importantly, early human haematopoietic progenitors from the myeloid and B-lymphoid lineages. Based on these results we conclude that KIT (CD117) is a very useful marker for identifying HHSC, and that HHSC, at least in our hands, are found in the KIT+ population of CD34+ cells.", "9315112": "Contradictory reports regarding the ability of complement receptor type 2 (CR2,CD21) on normal B cells to activate complement (C') via the alternative pathway (AP), prompted us to compare the performance of human peripheral blood B cells and the Epstein-Barr virus-positive Burkitt's lymphoma cell line, Raji (a well characterized AP activator) by using flow cytometry. Measured in terms of the membrane deposition of C3 fragments per cell, Raji cells were significantly (6- to 26-fold) more effective as complement activators than were normal B cells. Raji cells were also found to express approximately four to five times as many CR2 as normal B cells. In addition, they distinguished themselves by displaying a greater Ca(2+)-dependent activation, with pooled normal human sera (NHS) as the complement source, and by degrading unprotected C3b fragments from iC3b to C3dg/C3d at a significantly lower rate than the B cells. The Ca2+ dependency of Raji cell activation was found to be partially a result of classical pathway (CP) triggering by specific antibodies in the NHS, although other triggering mechanisms may also be involved. If the influence of these variations between Raji cells and normal B cells was excluded, by relating deposition of anti-C3d-reactive fragments, during AP activation, to the number of CR2 expressed, the difference in performance between the two cell types was found to be insignificant.", "15310638": "Intrathecal clonidine prolongs total duration of spinal bupivacaine analgesia. However, there are contradictory reports about its effect on maternal blood pressure and only limited data are available on fetal and neonatal outcome. In this study, we evaluated the efficacy of spinal clonidine combined with ropivacaine and sufentanil and its effects on maternal and fetal outcome.", "12754093": "This study attempts to provide a critical assessment of three different common approaches to identifying teactive species formed in biological systems: the 2',7'-dichlorofluorescin diacetate (DCFH-DA) assay, and the luminol- and lucigenin-amplified chemiluminescence assays. There have been several contradictory reports about the specificity of these methods. Our results show that DCFH is oxidized to the fluorescent compound 2',7'-dichlorofluorescin (DCF) in human neutrophils exposed to the following compounds: Aroclor (A)1242, hydrogen peroxide (H(2)O(2)), nitric oxide (NO), and FeSO(4). Use of a cell-free DCFH system showed increased formation of DCF by peroxynitrite (ONOO(-)), horseradish peroxidase (HRP) alone, and HRP in combination with H(2)O(2), FeSO(4) alone, and a mixture of FeSO(4) and H(2)O(2). The hydroxyl radical (z.rad;OH) scavenger formate and the iron ion chelator deferoxamine reduced the DCF formation induced by FeSO(4) in combination with H(2)O(2). DCFH was insensitive to NO and H(2)O(2) in the cell-free system. In the presence of neutrophils, the A1242-induced luminol chemiluminescence was decreased by the superoxide dismutase inhibitor diethyldithiocarbamic acid (DDC) and the myeloperoxidase inhibitor salicylhydroxamic acid (SHA). Exposure of the neutrophils to NO, FeSO(4), or H(2)O(2) alone did not have any effect. A1242-induced lucigenin chemiluminescence in the neutrophils was increased slightly by DDC, but was not affected by SHA, NO, FeSO(4), or H(2)O(2). In conclusion, we suggest that the DCF assay is only suitable for measurements of ONOO(-), H(2)O(2) in combination with cellular peroxidases, and z.rad;OH. Luminol is sensitive towards HOCl, while lucigenin is oxidized by O(2)z.rad;(-).", "14706483": "Verbal analytical functions are primarily related to the left hemisphere in right-handers, but there is yet no agreement about cortical language dominance in left-handers. Also, there are some contradictory reports about sex differences in cortical language lateralization. The aim of this study is to investigate cortical language dominance in left-handers and to explore gender influence on cortical language representation.", "10358069": "Phosphorylation at serine 15 of the human p53 tumor suppressor protein is induced by DNA damage and correlates with accumulation of p53 and its activation as a transcription factor. The DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) can phosphorylate serine 15 of human p53 and the homologous serine 18 of murine p53 in vitro. Contradictory reports exist about the requirement for DNA-PK in vivo for p53 activation and cell cycle arrest in response to ionizing radiation. While primary SCID (severe combined immunodeficiency) cells, that have defective DNA-PK, show normal p53 activation and cell cycle arrest, a transcriptionally inert form of p53 is induced in the SCID cell line SCGR11. In order to unambiguously define the role of the DNA-PK catalytic subunit (DNA-PKcs) in p53 activation, we examined p53 phosphorylation in mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) from DNA-PKcs-null mice. We found a similar pattern of serine 18 phosphorylation and accumulation of p53 in response to irradiation in both control and DNA-PKcs-null MEFs. The induced p53 was capable of sequence-specific DNA binding even in the absence of DNA-PKcs. Transactivation of the cyclin-dependent-kinase inhibitor p21, a downstream target of p53, and the G1 cell cycle checkpoint were also found to be normal in the DNA-PKcs -/- MEFs. Our results demonstrate that DNA-PKcs, unlike the related ATM protein, is not essential for the activation of p53 and G1 cell cycle arrest in response to ionizing radiation.", "25713979": "Previous investigations have demonstrated that activation with the type II interferon, IFN-\u03b3, downregulates alveolar macrophage (AM) phagocytosis of Streptococcus pneumoniae. While these studies have shown clear effects at discrete time points, the kinetics of the macrophage response to IFN-\u03b3 over time, with respect to pneumococcal phagocytosis, have not been shown. Here, we describe these kinetics in the murine MH-S AM cell-line, a well-established model useful for investigations of AM phenotype and function. We measure binding and internalizing rates of S. pneumoniae following exposure to increasing durations of physiologic levels of IFN-\u03b3. When MH-S murine alveolar macrophage (mAM) were exposed to IFN-\u03b3 for increasing durations of time, from 0 to 6 days before inoculation with the type II S. pneumoniae, D39, exposure for 6\u2009h transiently reduced bacterial binding by 50%, which was temporarily restored at 2 and 3 days of exposure. Bacterial internalization was also reduced shortly following initial exposure, however, internalization continued to fall to less than 5% that of IFN-\u03b3 na\u00efve controls after 6 days of exposure. These data may help explain otherwise contradictory reports from the literature regarding timing between infections and reductions in macrophage function.", "2555197": "We have investigated the effect of cAMP concentration on the CD3-mediated rise in intracellular Ca2+ induced by anti-CD3 monoclonal antibody in the human T cell leukemia line Jurkat. Forskolin, prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and dibutyryl cAMP (db-cAMP) were used to increase intracellular cAMP concentrations. Treatment of Jurkat cells with forskolin or db-cAMP for 3 h inhibited the subsequent rise in intracellular Ca2+ concentration induced by an optimally mitogenic dose of 100 ng/ml of the anti-CD3 OKT3, whereas PGE2 counteracted the Ca2+ rise only marginally. The inhibitory effect of forskolin and PGE2 on the Ca2+ signal correlated with their abilities to induce increased cAMP levels in Jurkat cells. The suppression of the Ca2+ response was dependent on the concentration of the cAMP-elevating agent and the time of pre-incubation with the drug. The cAMP-mediated inhibition of the Ca2+ response diminished or disappeared when increasing concentrations of OKT3 were used to stimulate the rise in intracellular Ca2+ concentration. The results indicate that cAMP participates in the regulation of T lymphocyte activation at the level of signal transduction. Our findings, which stress the crucial role of the concentration of the ligand used to trigger Ca2+ responses, provide an explanation to previous contradictory reports on the impact of cAMP on the signal transduction in T cells.", "19106624": "We previously showed that translation from the rat BACE1 5' leader is cap-dependent and that four AUG codons (AUG1-4) in the 5' leader were bypassed, partially or completely, depending on the cell line. Two other groups reported comparable results with human BACE1 sequences in different cell lines, although different mechanisms were postulated. In contrast, a third group working with the human sequence reported that most translation events are initiated at AUG2. Using reporter constructs with the rat BACE1 5' leader in rat cells, we now show that this apparent discrepancy between studies can be explained by the use of different expression systems and differences in interpretation. When reporter constructs were transcribed in the nucleus, the upstream AUG codons did not affect translation, but when mRNAs were transcribed in the cytoplasm or when in vitro transcripts were transfected into cells, the upstream AUG codons inhibited translation. These findings suggest that when transcription occurs in the nucleus, the BACE1 mRNA initiates translation by a shunting mechanism. The results are less consistent with either leaky scanning or reinitiation and provide a caveat against the use of cytoplasmic expression systems or RNA transfection for analyses of translation initiation.", "17438017": "Transplants of cells obtained from the olfactory system are a potential treatment for spinal cord injury and a number of clinical trials are in progress. However, the extent to which transplants improve recovery of function remains unclear and there are contradictory reports on the extent to which they support axonal regeneration. Here, we have used anatomical and electrophysiological techniques to investigate the repair promoted by olfactory cell transplants after a dorsal column lesion. Since the use of olfactory cells of varying type and origin may contribute to the differing outcomes of previous studies, regeneration of dorsal column axons was compared following transplants of pure olfactory ensheathing cells from neonatal animals and mixed olfactory cells from both neonatal and adult rats. Two to three months after lesioning, numerous regenerating fibres could be seen in each type of transplant. However, tracing of ascending dorsal column fibres showed that few regenerated beyond the lesion, even when transplanted with mixed olfactory cells from the adult olfactory bulb which have previously been reported to support regeneration which bridges a lesion. Despite the absence of axonal regeneration across the injury site, olfactory cell transplants led to improved spinal cord function in sensory pathways investigated electrophysiologically. When cord dorsum potentials (CDPs), evoked by electrical stimulation of the L4/L5 dorsal roots, were recorded from the spinal cord above and below a lesion at the lumbar 3/4 level, CDPs recorded from transplanted animals were significantly larger than those recorded from lesioned controls. In addition, sensory evoked potentials recorded over the sensorimotor cortex were larger and detectable over a more extensive area in transplanted animals. These results provide direct evidence that transplants of olfactory cells preserve the function of circuitry in the region of the lesion site and of ascending pathways originating near the injury. These actions, rather than axonal regeneration, may help ameliorate the effects of spinal cord injury.", "24551762": "Obtaining a continuous source of normal cells or DNA from a single individual has always been a rate limiting step in biomedical research. Availability of Lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs) as a surrogate for isolated or cryopreserved peripheral blood lymphocytes has substantially accelerated the process of biological investigations. LCLs can be established by in vitro infection of resting B cells from peripheral blood with Epstein Barr Virus (EBV) resulting in a continuous source, bearing negligible genetic and phenotypic alterations. Being a spontaneous replicating source, LCLs fulfil the requirement of constant supply of starting material for variety of assays, sparing the need of re-sampling. There is a reason to believe that LCLs are in close resemblance with the parent lymphocytes based on the ample supporting observations from a variety of studies showing significant level of correlation at molecular and functional level. LCLs, which carry the complete set of germ line genetic material, have been instrumental in general as a source of biomolecules and a system to carry out various immunological and epidemiological studies. Furthermore, in recent times their utility for analysing the whole human genome has extensively been documented. This proves the usefulness of LCLs in various genetic and functional studies. There are a few contradictory reports that have questioned the employment of LCLs as parent surrogate. Regardless of some inherent limitations LCLs are increasingly being considered as an important resource for genetic and functional research.", "3135318": "Earlier papers in this series reported that the culture supernatant of splenic L3T4+, Lyt-2- T cells from susceptible CBA mice chronically infected with Trypanosoma cruzi contain a SS3 that can inhibit the induction of delayed-type hypersensitivity to a wide range of Ag. The SS is a glycoprotein with an apparent molecular mass of 30 to 60 kDa and is distinct from T. cruzi Ag, IL-1, IL-2, IL-3 or IFN-gamma. It also has no effect on Th cells for antibody, cytotoxic T cells or immediate-type hypersensitivity. In this paper, we report that SS can suppress the induction of proliferating T cells but not the presentation of Ag to a cloned T cell line (D10). It also has no effect on the induction of delayed-type hypersensitivity in vitro. SS is produced by a number of inbred mouse strains irrespective of their susceptibility to infection with T. cruzi (BALB/c, highly susceptible; CBA, susceptible; C57BL/10, resistant) but only CBA mice are sensitive to the suppressive action of SS. This is so whether the SS is derived from CBA, BALB/c, or C57BL/10. The sensitivity to SS is not a feature of the H-2k haplotype inasmuch as B10.BR and BALB/k mice (also H-2k) do not respond to SS. Attempts to purify SS with a range of biochemical techniques substantially enriched the specific activity but failed to produce a substance visualizable by analytical gel electrophoresis. IEF chromatography revealed SS activity spanning a pH range from 6 to less than 4. This suggests that SS is likely to be a minor heterogeneous component of the suppressive supernatant. The genetically highly restricted nature of its action is intriguing and may explain some of the contradictory reports in the literature on this subject.", "19528164": "Although it is desirable to identify the interactions between endotoxin/LPS and the innate immune mechanism, it is often not possible to isolate these interactions from other cell wall-related structures of protein or polysaccharide origin. There is no universally accepted method to extract different LPSs from different bacteria, and their natural state will be influenced by their interactions with the associated molecules in the bacterial outer membrane. It is now believed that Toll-like receptor (TLR) 4 is the main signal transducer of classical LPS (i.e. Escherichia coli LPS), while TLR2 is used by certain non-classical LPSs. There are contradictory reports as to whether Bacteroides fragilis LPS, a non-classical LPS, signals primarily through TLR2 or TLR4. This study was designed to address this problem. Different non-purified and purified B. fragilis LPSs extracted by different methods together with different heat-killed, whole-cell populations of B. fragilis were used to elucidate the TLR specificity. All of these B. fragilis preparations showed a significant signalling specificity for TLR2 but not for TLR4. This indicates that changing the extraction methods, with or without applying a repurification procedure, and varying the cell populations do not alter the TLR specificity of B. fragilis LPS.", "1379165": "Substance P (SP) is present in the anterior pituitary gland (AP), and its concentration there is regulated by the hormonal status of the animal. The observation that SP is releasable from hemipituitaries in a K(+)-stimulated, Ca(2+)-dependent manner and the demonstration of SP-binding sites in the AP have led to the suggestion that SP participates in a paracrine or autocrine manner in the regulation of AP function. Contradictory reports of the effects of SP on the secretion of AP hormones, particularly LH, led us to address the question of whether SP can act directly on the AP to effect LH secretion. We found that SP (100 nM) can stimulate LH release (300-400% of control values) in short term cultures of AP cells and that this effect varies as a function of the age and sex of the animal. There was no significant effect of SP on the release of LH from AP cells of male and female prepubertal rats (20-30 days). During the peripubertal period (30-35 days), a sharp increase in the response to SP occurred in both sexes. This responsiveness was dose dependent and persisted at all ages studied in AP cells from the female rat. In contrast, the responsiveness of AP cells from male rats that developed during the peripubertal period diminished during maturation and was absent after 60 days of age. When adult female rats were exposed to androgens for 6 weeks in vivo and tested for the ability of SP to stimulate the LH secretion, the response was significantly diminished. These studies support the speculation that SP has a functional role in the secretion of LH.", "29128558": "2reactivity in PTSD using for the first time placebo-controlled and double-blind conditions.", "19842933": "Contradictory reports exist regarding the influence of the exon 3 deleted (d3)/full-length (fl) growth hormone receptor (GHR) polymorphism on responsiveness to recombinant human growth-hormone therapy in idiopathic short stature, small for gestational age and GH-deficient children, Turner syndrome patients and GH-deficient adults. In some of these studies, the d3 allele was associated with increased responsiveness to GH. The aim of this study was to test this association in a group of GH-deficient adult patients receiving recombinant GH treatment.", "25822588": "In natural microbial systems, conditional spatial sequestration of transcription factors enables cells to respond rapidly to changes in their environment or intracellular state by releasing presynthesized regulatory proteins. Although such a mechanism may be useful for engineering synthetic biology technologies ranging from cell-based biosensors to biosynthetic platforms, to date it remains unknown how or whether such conditional spatial sequestration may be engineered. In particular, based upon seemingly contradictory reports in the literature, it is not clear whether subcellular spatial localization of a transcription factor within the cytoplasm is sufficient to preclude regulation of cognate promoters on plasmid-borne or chromosomal loci. Here, we describe a modular, orthogonal platform for investigating and implementing this mechanism using protease-alleviated spatial sequestration (PASS). In this system, expression of an exogenous protease mediates the proteolytic release of engineered transcriptional regulators from the inner face of the Escherichia coli cytoplasmic membrane. We demonstrate that PASS mediates robust, conditional regulation of either transcriptional repression, via tetR, or transcriptional activation, by the \u03bb phage CI protein. This work provides new insights into a biologically important facet of microbial gene expression and establishes a new strategy for engineering conditional transcriptional regulation for the microbial synthetic biology toolbox.", "28753286": "Environmental toxicants such as pesticides exert strong selection pressure on many species. While the resulting development of pesticide resistance in agricultural pest species is well-known, reports on the extent of adaptation in exposed nontarget species are contradictory. These contradictory reports highlight a continuing challenge in understanding the relevant ecological mechanisms that facilitate or hinder adaptation to toxicants in the field. Here we show that species diversity hinders the adaptation to toxicants. In agricultural streams with low diversity, we observed an up to 8-fold increase in insecticide tolerance in a total of 17 macroinvertebrate species that was not observed in more diverse communities under similar contamination. High species diversity occurred independently from adjacent nonpolluted refuge areas. Therefore, the low level of adaptation in diverse streams cannot be explained by an increased recolonization of sensitive individuals from refuge areas. Instead, high intraspecific competition may facilitate the selection for increased tolerance in low-diverse communities. In diverse communities, by contrast, species interactions may reduce intraspecific competition and, thus, the potential for developing toxicant resistance. We suggest that this mechanism may be the general case in adaptation to environmental stressors. Additionally, we conclude that the current framework for risk assessment of pesticides is not protective against selection for tolerant organisms and the associated risk of genetic erosion.", "17216393": "Two main pieces of data have created a new field in cardiac research. First, the traditional view on the heart as a postmitotic organ has been challenged by the finding of small dividing cells in the heart expressing cardiac contractile proteins with stem cell properties and, second, cellular therapy of the diseased heart using a variety of different cells has shown encouraging effects on cardiac function. These findings immediately raise questions like \"what is the identity and origin of the cardiac progenitor cells?\",\"which molecular factors are involved in their mobilization and differentiation?\", and \"can these cells repair the damaged heart?\" This review will address the state of current answers to these questions. Emerging evidence suggests that several subpopulations of cardiac stem or progenitor cells (CPCs) reside within the adult heart. CPCs with the ability to differentiate into all the constituent cells in the adult heart including cardiac myocytes, vascular smooth muscle and endothelial cells have been identified. Valuable knowledge has been obtained from the large number of animal studies and a number of small clinical trials that have utilized a variety of adult stem cells for regenerating infarcted hearts. However, contradictory reports on the regenerative potential of the CPCs exist, and the mechanisms behind the reported hemodynamic effects are intensely debated. Besides directly replenishing cardiac tissue, CPCs could also function by stimulating angiogenesis and improving survival of existing cells by secretion of paracrine factors. With this review we suggest that a better understanding of CPC biology will be pivotal for progressing therapeutic cardiac regeneration. This includes an extended knowledge of the molecular mechanisms behind their mobilization, differentiation, survival and integration in the myocardium.", "7464844": "Unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS) in human leukocytes has become a popular tool for estimating an individual's DNA-repair capacity and sensitivity to mutagens. The physical induction of UDS by UV-irradiation, as opposed to the chemical induction of UDS by N-acetoxy-2-acetylaminofluorene (NA-AAF), has yielded contradictory reports in the literature regarding inter-individual variations relating to risk factors such as age. In an effort to resolve this anomaly, we have compared directly, in duplicate lymphocyte samples from 29 male individuals, the UDS induced by 10 microM NA-AAF and UV-irradiation of 10 J . m-2. The kinetics of UV-induced UDS was very \"fast\", being 50% complete within 2.5 h whereas the corresponding value for NA-AAF-induced UDS was 7 h. Consistent with our previous studies, individual variations in NA-AAF-induced UDS were positively correlated to age. However, a strong tendency toward both positive and negative correlations to an individual's age could be calculated depending on whether \"fast\"- or \"slow\"-UV-induced DNA repair was taken into consideration. These data, therefore, question the validity of previous reports establishing DNA-repair deficiencies when UV-induced UDS was used for quantitation and the \"fast\" UV repair was only partially estimated because of early delays in the 3H-dThd pulse. If appropriately pulsed with 3H-dThd, then the inter-individual fluctuations in NA-AAF- and UV-induced UDS correlated to each other in a highly significant linear manner (r = 0.51, p less than 0.01). Basic similarities between NA-AAF- and UV-induced UDS were also observed when both parameters correlated to the phytohemagglutinin responsiveness of the lymphocytes. A working hypothesis, based on environmentally influenced changes in chromatin structure regulating the relative accessibility of NA-AAF- and UV-induced lesions for repair, was formulated to explain the parallel inter-individual fluctuations of NA-AAF- and UV-induced UDS.", "19662221": "Diffuse large B-cell lymphomas (DLBCL) are the most common lymphoid malignancies, and encompass all malignant lymphomas characterized by large neoplastic cells and B-cell derivation. In the last decade, DLBCL has been subjected to intense clinical, phenotypic and molecular studies, and were found to represent a heterogeneous group of tumors. These studies suggested new disease subtypes and variants with distinct clinical characteristics, morphologies, immunophenotypes, genotypes or gene expression profiles, associated with distinct prognoses or unique sensitivities to particular therapy regimens. Unfortunately, the reliability and reproducibility of the molecular results remains unclear due to contradictory reports in the literature resulting from small sample sizes, referral and selection biases, and variable methodologies and cut-off levels used to determine positivity. Here, we review phenotypic studies on the prognostic significance of protein expression profiles in DLBCL and reconsider our own retrospective data on 301 primary DLBCL cases obtained on a previously validated tissue microarray in light of powerful statistical methods of determining optimal cut-off values of phenotypic factors for prediction of outcome.", "27633038": "A growing interest exists in documenting the role of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) in different human diseases including, cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus, cancers, aging, and several neurological disorders. Three aspects of PON1 have attracted the attention of researchers: (1) hydrolyzing and detoxifying of toxic organophosphorous compounds such as nerve gases; (2) antioxidative activity in hydrolyzing oxidized phospholipids in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL); (3) interaction with various drugs. Drugs and nutrients which can increase the activity of paraoxonases contribute to reduce atherosclerosis and other disorders. There were contradictory reports on the interactions of PON1 with various drugs. These findings may be a reflection of differences in the dosage and type of drug, length of treatment, genetic variations, particularly loss-of-function polymorphisms, and the model used (cultured cells, animal studies or human studies). In addition, it should be noted that the regulatory effects of a drug on the enzyme protein may be important because a drug may induce the PON1 gene while having inhibitory effects on its enzymatic activity. Due to the association of PON1 with various human diseases, this review is focused on the pharmacological aspects of PON1 and the study of interactions between the enzyme and various drugs that may potentially assist to better understand the role of PON1 in drug metabolism, as well as the effects of drugs on PON1 status (activity and gene expression). In general, increasing our knowledge about the antioxidant and antiatherogenic enzyme will assist in determining efficient preventive and therapeutic strategies in the management of human disorders, particularly vascular diseases and those which are associated with negative regulation of PON1.", "25706384": "Duffy Antigen Receptor for Chemokines (DARC) plays multiple roles in human health as a blood group antigen, a receptor for chemokines and the only known receptor for Plasmodium vivax merozoites. It is the target of the murine anti-Fy6 monoclonal antibody 2C3 which binds to the first extracellular domain (ECD1), but exact nature of the recognized epitope was a subject of contradictory reports. Here, using a set of complex experiments which include expression of DARC with amino acid substitutions within the Fy6 epitope in E. coli and K562 cells, ELISA, surface plasmon resonance (SPR) and flow cytometry, we have resolved discrepancies between previously published reports and show that the basic epitope recognized by 2C3 antibody is 22FEDVW26, with 22F and 26W being the most important residues. In addition, we demonstrated that 30Y plays an auxiliary role in binding, particularly when the residue is sulfated. The STD-NMR studies performed using 2C3-derived Fab and synthetic peptide corroborated most of these results, and together with the molecular modelling suggested that 25V is not involved in direct interactions with the antibody, but determines folding of the epitope backbone.", "22096275": "The objective of this review is to determine the effects of perioperative sedatives and anesthetics in surgical patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) on respiratory events, medication requirements, hemodynamics, pain, emergence, and hospital stay. We searched The Cochrane CENTRAL Register of Controlled Trials, Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from 1950 to June 2010 for relevant articles. All prospective and retrospective studies were eligible for inclusion if the effects of perioperative administration of sedation and anesthetics on medication requirements, pain, emergence, hemodynamics, respiratory events, and length of hospital stay in OSA patients were reported. The search strategy yielded 18 studies of 1467 patients. Of these, 456 patients were documented as having OSA. Few adverse respiratory effects were reported. Eight out of 700 (1.14%) patients undergoing middle ear surgery with midazolam and fentanyl had impaired upper airway patency and were retrospectively diagnosed as having OSA by polysomnography. Also, intraoperative snoring causing uvular edema in the postoperative period was described in an OSA patient undergoing upper limb surgery when propofol was administered with midazolam and fentanyl for sedation. A decrease in oxygen saturation in the postoperative period was described with propofol and isoflurane in 21 OSA patients undergoing uvulo-palato-pharyngoplasty and tonsillectomy surgery (P<0.05). Perioperative alpha 2 agonists were shown to decrease the use of anesthetics (P<0.05), analgesics (P=0.008) and anti-hypertensives (P<0.001) in OSA patients. Contradictory reports regarding emergence occurred with intraoperative dexmedetomidine. Intraoperative opioids decreased the analgesic consumption (P=0.03) and pain scores (P<0.05) in the postoperative period. There was limited data on the length of hospital stay. There were few adverse effects reported when patients with known OSA underwent elective surgery with the currently available sedatives and anesthetics. Adverse events were reported with midazolam. However, the quality and number of patients in the studies were limited. There is a need for further trials with large numbers and uniform reporting of outcomes.", "16083348": "The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) family comprises three distinct isotypes: PPARalpha, PPARbeta/delta and PPARgamma. PPARs are nuclear hormone receptors that mediate the effects of fatty acids and their derivatives at the transcriptional level. Until recently, the characterisation of the important role of PPARalpha in fatty acid oxidation and of PPARgamma in lipid storage contrasted with the sparse information concerning PPARbeta/delta. However, evidence is now emerging for a role of PPARbeta/delta in tissue repair and energy homeostasis. Experiments with tissue-specific overexpression of PPARbeta/delta or treatment of mice with selective PPARbeta/delta agonists demonstrated that activation of PPARbeta/delta in vivo increases lipid catabolism in skeletal muscle, heart and adipose tissue and improves the serum lipid profile and insulin sensitivity in several animal models. PPARbeta/delta activation also prevents the development of obesity and improves cholesterol homeostasis in obesity-prone mouse models. These new insights into PPARbeta/delta functions suggest that targeting PPARbeta/delta may be helpful for treating disorders associated with the metabolic syndrome. Although these perspectives are promising, several independent and contradictory reports raise concerns about the safety of PPARbeta/delta ligands with respect to tumourigenic activity in the gut. Thus, it appears that further exploration of PPARbeta/delta functions is necessary to better define its potential as a therapeutic target.", "24914325": "Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection is a major risk factor for gastric cancer (GC) development, which is one of the most challenging malignant diseases worldwide with limited treatments. In the multistep pathogenesis of GC, H. pylori infection slowly induces chronic active gastritis, which progresses through the premalignant stages of atrophic gastritis, intestinal metaplasia, and dysplasia, and then finally to GC. Although eradication of H. pylori is a reasonable approach for the prevention of GC, there have been some contradictory reports, with only some long-term follow-up data showing efficacy of this approach. The inconsistencies are likely due to the insufficient number of participants, relatively short follow-up periods, poor quality of study designs, and the degree and extent of preneoplastic changes at the time of H. pylori eradication. This review analyzes recent high-quality studies to resolve the discrepancies regarding the eradication of H. pylori for GC prevention. The relationship between H. pylori eradication and GC/precancerous lesions/metachronous GC is examined, and the cost-effectiveness of this strategy in the prevention of GC is assessed. Although it is assumed that eradication of H. pylori has the potential to prevent GC, the feasibility and appropriate timing of this strategy for cancer prevention remain to be determined. As a result, additional well-designed trials with longer follow-up periods are needed to clarify this issue.", "11278745": "P-glycoprotein (P-gp) is an ATP-dependent drug pump that confers multidrug resistance (MDR). In addition to its ability to efflux toxins, P-gp can also inhibit apoptosis induced by a wide array of cell death stimuli that rely on activation of intracellular caspases for full function. We therefore hypothesized that P-gp may have additional functions in addition to its role in effluxing xenotoxins that could provide protection to tumor cells against a host response. There have been a number of contradictory reports concerning the role of P-gp in regulating complement activation. Given the disparate results obtained by different laboratories and our published results demonstrating that P-gp does not affect cell death induced by another membranolytic protein, perforin, we decided to assess the role of P-gp in regulating cell lysis induced by a number of different pore-forming proteins. Testing a variety of different P-gp-expressing MDR cell lines produced following exposure of cells to chemotherapeutic agents or by retroviral gene transduction in the complete absence of any drug selection, we found no difference in sensitivity of P-gp(+ve) or P-gp(-ve) cells to the pore-forming proteins complement, perforin, or pneumolysin. Based on these results, we conclude that P-gp does not affect cell lysis induced by pore-forming proteins.", "2376089": "To date only a few contradictory reports concerning the incidence of autoantibodies in patients undergoing long-term hemodialysis exist. The aim of the present study was to investigate the sera drawn from 45 patients with chronic renal failure, 39 of them on chronic hemodialysis (duration 1-17 years). Serum samples were tested for 15 autoantibodies, no antinuclear antibodies or antibodies to extractable nuclear antigens could be detected; all sera were also negative for antibodies to dsDNA, mitochondria, gastric parietal cells and smooth muscle. In contrast a high incidence of antibodies to cytoskeletal components could be demonstrated using a sensitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay that employed purified antigens. Antibodies of IgG-type (IgM-type shown in brackets) were detected against cytokeratin in 51.3% (15.4%), actin in 17.9% (5.1%), desmin in 28.2% (17.9%), vimentin in 15.4% (5.1%) and tropomyosin in 12.8% (5.1%) of the sera of patients on chronic hemodialysis. No association with diagnosis, duration of hemodialysis, age or interdialytic changes of body weight and antibody titers could be found. In a control group of 82 healthy blood donors no antibodies were detected. Positive correlations of incidence of antibodies to actin, desmin, vimentin and keratin suggests polyclonal activation of immune system in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing long-term hemodialysis. The mechanism is unknown.", "21677474": "Phosphorylation is one of the most important processes in cell signal transduction. Detection of phosphorylated proteins in cancer tissue is useful for prognosis and diagnosis, and it might be very helpful in monitoring treatment using targeted therapy. For these reasons, the in situ quantitative measurement and subcellular localization of phosphoproteins will likely be important. However, phosphoproteins are extremely labile, a likely explanation for inconsistent or contradictory reports. Thus, the development of new paradigms for tissue handling, immunostaining, and quality control are needed.", "7760001": "Inflammatory action of the potent chemotaxin C5a has been well characterized on a variety of human cell types, including neutrophils, monocytes, basophils, and eosinophils. The cellular effects of C3a are less well defined. Contradictory reports have been published for C3a activation of neutrophils. Recent reports that C3a activates both basophils and eosinophils prompted us to reinvestigate the effects of C3a stimulation on eosinophils. We hypothesized that C3a activation of eosinophils, cells that are present in most neutrophil preparations, might lead to neutrophil activation. Using neutrophils of 98% purity, we observed no evidence of cellular activation after stimulation with either C3a, recombinant human C3a (rhC3a), or the synthetic C3a analogue C3a 57-77, Y57. Eosinophils purified to > 98% purity displayed concentration-dependent polarization, chemotaxis, and enzyme release by stimulation with C3a, rhC3a, and the synthetic C3a analogue. An inactive form of C3a, C3adesArg, failed to stimulate either eosinophils or neutrophils. Using neutrophil preparations containing 5-9% eosinophils, up to 20% of neutrophils became polarized after exposure to C3a. Likewise, we demonstrated that supernatant from C3a-stimulated eosinophils promotes neutrophil chemotaxis. Eosinophil polarization experiments were repeated in the presence of antibody to the C5a receptor (C5aR) to show that C3a and C5a interact with different receptors. C3a activates eosinophils in the presence of anti-C5aR antibody at concentrations that fully block C5a activation. We conclude that eosinophils are directly activated by either C3a or C5a, whereas C3a failed to activate neutrophils. C3a acts on eosinophils via a receptor that is distinct from C5aR. Since neutrophils are indirectly stimulated by C3a, eosinophils contaminating neutrophil preparations may explain earlier reports that C3a activates human neutrophils.", "17636774": "Normal sexual function is a biopsychosocial process and relies on the coordination of psychological, endocrine, vascular, and neurological factors. Recent data show that psychological factors are involved in a substantial number of cases of erectile dysfunction (ED) alone or in combination with organic causes. However, in contrast to the advances in somatic research of erectile dysfunction, scientific literature shows contradictory reports on the results of psychotherapy for the treatment of ED.", "17590699": "Contradictory reports of gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) responses in diabetes have been published by different workers using different radioimmunoassay systems. The present study was undertaken to assess GIP responses in type 2 diabetes using three antibodies (S100, GP01 and GP24). Seven untreated diabetics and seven healthy control subjects had a standard 50 g oral glucose tolerance test. An alcohol extract of plasma of each sample was assayed using these three different antibodies. Using S100, GIP responses in the diabetic group were significantly lower at 30' (P<0.025) and at 120' (P<0.01) and the integrated incremental GIP responses also were significantly lower in the diabetic group (P< 0.025). Using GP01, GIP responses in the diabetic group were significantly lower only 120' (P<0.05) but there was no significant difference in the integrated incremental GIP responses. Using GP24, there was no significant difference between the diabetic and control groups at any time intervals or in the integrated incremental responses. However, three to sixfold higher levels of GIP were recorded when using GP24 as compared with the other two antibody systems which gave similar absolute values. Structurally abnormal variable cross-reacting 5000 dalton (5 kDa) and 8 kDa GIP forms or still unidentified structurally GIP related peptides associated with type 2 diabetes might be responsible for these conflicting results.", "17392048": "Cyclosporin A (CsA) is thought to prevent immune reactions after organ transplantation by inhibiting calcineurin (Cn) and its substrate, the Nuclear Factor of Activated T Cells (NFAT). A dichotomy exists in describing the effects of CsA on bone formation. The concept that the suppression of Cn/NFAT signaling by CsA inhibits bone formation is not entirely supported by many clinical reports and laboratory animal studies. Gender, dosage and basal inflammatory activity have all been suggested as explanations for these seemingly contradictory reports. Here we examine the effects of varying concentrations of CsA on bone formation and osteoblast differentiation and elucidate the role of NFATc1 in this response. We show that low concentrations of CsA (<1 microM in vitro and 35.5 nM in vivo) are anabolic as they increase bone formation, osteoblast differentiation, and bone mass, while high concentrations (>1 microM in vitro and in vivo) elicit an opposite and catabolic response. The overexpression of constitutively active NFATc1 inhibits osteoblast differentiation, and treatment with low concentrations of CsA does not ameliorate this inhibition. Treating osteoblasts with low concentrations of CsA (<1 microM) increases fra-2 gene expression and protein levels in a dose-dependent manner as well as AP-1 DNA-binding activity. Finally, NFATc1 silencing with siRNA increases Fra-2 expression, whereas NFATc1 overexpression inhibits Fra-2 expression. Therefore, NFATc1 negatively regulates osteoblast differentiation, and its specific inhibition may represent a viable anabolic therapy for osteoporosis.", "19240369": "The role of bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) in bone healing has been demonstrated in numerous in vivo animal models. BMP-2, -4 and -7 have also been shown to stimulate the differentiation of human and animal stem cells into osteoblasts in vitro. There are, however, contradictory reports of BMPs causing apoptosis and inhibition of proliferation of osteoblastic cells. Therefore, a more complete understanding of the effects of BMP-2, -4 and -7 on human osteoblasts is required.", "21156795": "Doxorubicin is one of the most effective molecules used in the treatment of various tumors. Contradictory reports often open windows to understand the role of p53 tumor suppressor in doxorubicin-mediated cell death. In this report, we provide evidences that doxorubicin induced more cell death in p53-negative tumor cells. Several cells, having p53 basal expression, showed increase in p53 DNA binding upon doxorubicin treatment. Doxorubicin induced cell death in p53-positive cells through expression of p53-dependent genes and activation of caspases and caspase-mediated cleavage of cellular proteins. Surprisingly, in p53-negative cells, doxorubicin-mediated cell death was more aggressive (faster and intense). Doxorubicin increased the amount of Fas ligand (FasL) by enhancing activator protein (AP) 1 DNA binding in both p53-positive and p53-negative cells, but the basal expression of Fas was higher in p53-negative cells. Anti-FasL antibody considerably protected doxorubicin-mediated cell death in both types of cells. Activation of caspases was faster in p53-negative cells upon doxorubicin treatment. In contrast, the basal expression of Ras oncoprotein was higher in p53-positive cells, which might increase the basal expression of Fas in these cells. Overexpression of Ras decreased the amount of Fas in p53-negative cells, thereby decreasing doxorubicin-mediated aggressive cell death. Overall, this study will help to understand the much studied chemotherapeutic drug, doxorubicin-mediated cell signaling cascade, that leads to cell death in p53-positive and -negative cells. High basal expression of Fas might be an important determinant in doxorubicin-mediated cell death in p53-negative cells.", "28739528": "Leptin, following its discovery, has developed a formidable interest in the scientific community to delineate its contribution towards overall metabolic homeostasis. Contradictory reports have been published on leptin administration effects on whole body insulin sensitivity. Following late reports, we surveyed human serum leptin levels along with other metabolic parameters including BMI and HOMA-IR. We found a positive correlation between leptin levels and insulin resistance parameters. Considering the presence of the long form of leptin receptor on adipocytes, we explored the effects of chronic physiological hyper-leptinemic exposure on adipocyte insulin sensitivity. Chronic leptin (50ng/ml) treatment in 3T3-L1 adipocytes decreased insulin-induced phosphorylation of nodal insulin signaling proteins along with reduced glucose uptake. Metabolic flux studies indicated mitochondrial dysfunction and reduced oxygen consumption rate. Leptin treatment also increased both cellular and mitochondrial superoxide levels concomitant to increased expression of nitric oxide synthase-2 (NOS2). Further, pharmacological depletion of NOS2 reversed leptin mediated effects on insulin signaling. In-vivo implantation of leptin osmotic pumps in C57BL/6 mice also decreased insulin responsiveness. Interestingly, these effects were lacking in NOS2 knockout strain. In conclusion, our studies put forward a potential link between leptin and adipocyte insulin responsiveness in an NOS2 dependent manner.", "26753482": "Contradictory reports exist in the literature regarding an association of cadmium with parameters of semen quality. The aim of the study was to assess cadmium levels in both blood and seminal plasma and to analyze the relationships between cadmium concentrations and lifestyle and semen parameters.", "17369548": "Both Campylobacter and Arcobacter are commonly present on broiler carcasses. For Campylobacter, the superficial contamination originates predominantly from fecal contamination during slaughter. In contrast with Campylobacter, the source of the Arcobacter contamination is not clear. In several studies, arcobacters have been isolated in poultry processing plants from the carcasses and slaughter equipment, but not from the intestinal content. In literature, contradictory reports about the Arcobacter colonization of the chicken gut have been published. In most of those studies, arcobacters were not isolated from cecal content nor from litter or the feathers, though some studies reported the isolation of arcobacters from cloacal swab samples. The present study assessed if arcobacters are part of the chicken intestine, skin, or feather flora. Because no isolation protocol has been validated for poultry intestinal content, a previously developed Arcobacter isolation procedure for feces from livestock animals was first validated. With this method, a good repeatability, in-lab reproducibility and sensitivity, and a good suppression of the chicken fecal accompanying flora were achieved when 125 mg/L of 5-fluorouracil, 10 mg/L of amphotericine B, 100 mg/L of cycloheximide, 16 mg/L of cefoperazone, 64 mg/L of novobiocine, and 64 mg/L of trimethoprim were applied. The validated method was used to examine the presence of arcobacters in and on living chickens of 4 flocks at slaughter age. Because arcobacters were not isolated from the intestinal tract nor from the skin or feathers of the birds, this study was not able to identify arcobacters as part of the intestinal or skin flora, nor could confirm the role of process water as reservoir. However, the results clearly demonstrated that the time period for processing the samples and the way of sample collection are crucial in the interpretation of epidemiological studies. As the reservoir of the carcass contamination remains unidentified, studies about the capacity of arcobacters to colonize the chicken intestinal tract may contribute in the assessment of the transmission routes of this emerging foodborn pathogen.", "25353174": "There are contradictory reports about the efficacy of minocycline for treating schizophrenia. This is a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial investigating the effectiveness of minocycline for treating schizophrenia. Forty three patients with schizophrenia diagnosed according to DSM-IV were randomly allocated into minocycline (200mg/d) + risperidone group (n = 21) or placebo + risperidone group (n = 22). Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS), Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale for schizophrenia (PANSS), Beck's Depression inventory, and Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS) were used. Assessments occurred at baseline, week 4 and week 8. Thirty five patients completed the trial. The changes of SANS total score from baseline to week 4 were not statistically different between the two groups. However, at week 8, there was a statistically significant difference between the two groups. SANS score decreased in the minocycline group more than that of the placebo group (12.2(7.9) versus 6.8(8.6), respectively). The decline of PANSS Negative score from baseline to week 8 in the minocycline group was more than placebo group (4.3(4.2) versus 3.2(3.3). However, the difference was not statistically significant. No one dropped out due to adverse effects. This trial supports the effectiveness of minocycline as an adjuvant treatment with risperidone for treating negative symptoms of patients with schizophrenia. Some patents on the use of tetracycline for the treatment of schizophrenia are also outlined.", "22761943": "Proper regulation of spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs) is crucial for sustaining steady-state spermatogenesis. Previous work has identified several paracrine factors involved in this regulation, in particular, glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor and fibroblast growth factor 2, which promote long-term SSC self-renewal. Using a SSC culture system, we have recently reported that Wnt5a promotes SSC self-renewal through a \u03b2-catenin-independent Wnt mechanism whereas the \u03b2-catenin-dependent Wnt pathway is not active in SSCs. In contrast, another study has reported that Wnt3a promotes SSC self-renewal through the \u03b2-catenin-dependent pathway, as it can stimulate the proliferation of a spermatogonia cell line. To reconcile these two contradictory reports, we assessed Wnt3a effects on SSCs and progenitor cells, rather than a cell line, in vitro. We observed that Wnt3a induced \u03b2-catenin-dependent signalling in a large subset of germ cells and increased SSC numbers. However, further investigation revealed that cell populations with greater \u03b2-catenin-signalling activity contained fewer SSCs. The increased maintenance of SSCs by Wnt3a coincided with more active cell cycling and the formation of germ cell aggregates, or communities, under feeder-free conditions. Therefore, the results of this study suggest that Wnt3a selectively stimulates proliferation of progenitors that are committed to differentiation or are in the process of exiting the SSC state, leading to enhanced formation of germ cell communities, which indirectly support SSCs and act as an in vitro niche.", "24579548": "With an ever increasing number of cell phone users since late twentieth [corrected] century, magnitude of the problem of exposure to radiation emitted by cell phone is self evident. Extensive research had been devoted to incriminate or absolve it as a health hazard. Radiofrequency radiation emitted by cell phone had been stated to be a potent carcinogen, cytotoxic, genotoxic, mutagenic and neurobehavioral teratogen. Its effect on the brain had been a subject of extensive research evidently due to its proximity to the user's brain. While considering the biological effects of radiofrequency radiation, its intensity, frequency and the duration of exposure are important determinants. Nevertheless the results of these different studies have not been unequivocal. Considering the contradictory reports, the present work was undertaken to study the effect of such an exposure on the developing neural tissue of chick embryo. The processes of cell division and differentiation are fundamental to the development of any living being and are a sensitive index of any insult sustained at this stage. Neurons of dorsal root ganglion were selected for the present study as these ganglia were fully differentiated as early as fourth day of embryonic life. By varying duration of exposure, the embryos were exposed to different doses of radiation, sacrificed at different periods of incubation and subjected to histological processing. On light microscopic study it was observed that developing neurons of dorsal root ganglion suffered a damage which was dose dependent and persisted in spite of giving the exposure-free period between two exposures.", "25709540": "The efficacy of the whole body (WB) (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose ((18)F-FDG) positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET-CT) as a part of conventional initial staging in all cases of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) is still controversial with various studies in literature giving contradictory reports. We conducted this study at a government tertiary care oncology center in India to identify the impact of WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan on HNSCC staging and treatment. A prospective clinical study of patients of HNSCC who were evaluated and treated at our center was performed. The patients included in the study were HNSCC of the oral cavity, oropharynx, hypopharynx, larynx, nasopharynx, and carcinoma of unknown primary site (CUPS) with cervical metastasis. The study design was to evaluate the cases of HNSCC initially by staging with conventional investigations followed by staging with the information derived from WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan. At the end of the conventional investigations, a tumor, node, metastasis (TNM) staging as per AJCC 7(th) edition, and a detailed treatment plan as per NCCN 2012 guidelines was decided in consultation with the multidisciplinary oncology team of the hospital. WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan was carried out in all these patients. The findings of WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT were then interpreted with the staging with conventional investigations to identify the cases with change in staging and also those in whom the treatment protocol would be affected. Descriptive analysis of demographic data and analytical analysis of the sensitivity and specificity of WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan and also the change in staging and treatment plan after WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan was analyzed using SPSS version 18. A total of 131 patients met the inclusion criteria, which included 123 males and 8 females. The various sites involved among the study group are oral cavity 11 (8.3%), oropharyn \u00d7 39 (29.7%), hypopharyn \u00d7 31 (23.6%), laryn \u00d7 34 (25.9%), nasopharyn \u00d7 4 (3%), and CUPS 12 (9.1%). The majority of cases studied were of T2 and T3 stage, and changes in T staging after WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan were minimal and not statistically significant (P > 0.5). In the nodal staging after WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan, there was a statistically significant change in identification of nodal metastasis in N0 group and also identification of additional multiple/bilateral nodes (N2b and N2c). 3 (2.2%) patients had a change in M status with identification of distant metastasis in lungs (2 patients) and in the liver and lung (1 patient). Of the 131 patients, 75 (57.25%) underwent surgical management with or without adjuvant treatment (Group I) and 56 (42.74%) patients underwent nonsurgical management (Group II). There was no significant statistical difference in sensitivity and specificity of (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan in detecting cancer among the two groups. Considering all the patients in this study, WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan showed an overall sensitivity of 95.2% and specificity of 80%. In this study, change in TNM staging after WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT was seen in 22 (16.8%) patients and an alteration in the treatment in 21 (16.1%) patients, which were both found to be statistically significant (P < 0.5). In our study, WB (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan has shown to have an impact on initial staging of disease affecting the change in treatment protocol in a significant number of patients. The effect of this change in staging and treatment on the eventual morbidity and mortality rates is not known. In practice, the use of (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan is limited, owing to the high cost and low availability. A realistic evaluation of cost versus benefit needs to be undertaken to identify the impact of using (18)F-FDG PET-CT scan as a mode for initial evaluation of HNSCC.", "11300328": "There have been contradictory reports on the benefit of CEA and CA 19-9 measurements in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer using palliative chemotherapy. The object of this study was to examine the diagnostic accuracy of monitoring of palliative chemotherapy by means of CEA and CA 19-9.", "2571241": "The beneficial effect of mannitol infusion in postischemic kidneys remains unresolved. Contradictory reports may have originated from at least 3 different mechanisms: a) arterial vasodilation, b) osmotic support of hypoxic cellular volume regulation, and c) scavenging of hydroxyl radicals in the reoxygenation period. To exclude vascular effects we tested at 37 degrees C in hypoxic (PO2 less than 1 mmHg) and reoxygenated isolated tubular cells of rat kidney cortex cellular function, i.e. intracellular K+ accumulation (K+), posthypoxic lactate gluconeogenesis (GNG), loss of membrane-bound tau-Glutamyltransferase (tau GT), and formation of a lipid peroxidation product, malondialdehyde (MDA). Mannitol (M) was added to a Ringer incubation medium in variable concentration either without (hypertonic M) or with omission of equiosmolar amounts of NaCl (isotonic M). K+ and GNG were significantly supported, and tau GT-loss markedly suppressed in a range of 10-50 mmol/l hypertonic and isotonic M. At higher concentrations no improvement (isotonic) or even deleterious effects (hypertonic) of M occurred. Beneficial effects of lower concentrations of M (10 mmol/l) were not correlated to anaerobic glycolysis, and 1 as well as 10 mmol/l M induced a comparable and significant reduction in posthypoxic MDA-formation. This effect was most pronounced when M was only added in hypoxia, indicating leakiness of cellular membranes in hypoxia.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)", "15673323": "CyA A (CyA) may induce intrarenal vasoconstriction, endothelial dysfunction, and hypertension. There are only two contradictory reports describing the acute effect of CyA on renal resistances measured by color Doppler flowmetry. Therefore, we studied the acute influence of oral CyA on arterial haemodynamics by assessing simultaneous changes in blood pressure, applanation tonometry-derived pulse wave analysis and duplex ultrasound-derived intrarenal resistance indices.", "8370668": "Because there are contradictory reports about the interaction of plasma fibronectin with elastin, we investigated the interaction in vitro. When human plasma was applied to an alpha-elastin-Sepharose column at 4 degrees C, the column-binding fraction contained fibronectin. When isolated plasma fibronectin was applied to the same column at 4 degrees C, most of the fibronectin bound to the column and was eluted with 1 M KBr. However, the binding affinity of plasma fibronectin to the alpha-elastin-Sepharose column was much weaker at 25 degrees C than at 4 degrees C. The elastin-plasma fibronectin interaction was further confirmed by demonstrating the binding of alpha-elastin to fibronectin on polyvinylidene difluoride membranes using an alpha-elastin specific antibody. The elevation of the surface hydrophobicity of plasma fibronectin at 4 degrees C was observed by hydrophobic chromatography, using alkyl-Sepharose columns. It seems that the binding of plasma fibronectin to alpha-elastin involves hydrophobic interaction, which is affected by temperature and possibly by other factors.", "15738861": "Despite the availability of new treatments, the antipsychotic effectiveness of clozapine has not been matched yet. Unfortunately, its regulation is limited by the side effects. The most detrimental is the hematologic toxicity (neutropenia and agranulocytosis) which requires a regular biological monitoring. Treatment with clozapine must be stopped in those cases of secondary granulocytopenia for about 3% of the patients. The current psychiatric drug lithium carbonate has an opposite effect: it can induce leukocytosis. Thus, lithium carbonate is administered in leukopenia, as well as in many hematologic and immunological diseases. However, few teams have used lithium in order to alleviate clozapine-induced granulocytopenia. We report here 2 patients who developed severe neutropenia (neutrophil count<1.5 yen 10 (9)/L) and for whom the use of lithium enabled us to continue the treatment by clozapine. The first patient had a granulocyte rate constitutionally low which rapidly decreased with clozapine. Thanks to the administration of lithium, he recovered quickly a normal blood cell count, which in fact was much higher than his normal rate. According to our research, it's the first time that lithium is reported to be so efficacious in a patient with such a low rate of granulocytes before treatment. It may be that clozapine is not used for those kinds of patients. The second patient developed granulocytopenia after one year of treatment with clozapine. The use of lithium increased so much the number of granulocytes that we continued the treatment with clozapine alone. After 4 months, there is no reappearance of granulocytopenia. We must take into account the partial and contradictory reports in the literature. However, if this result is confirmed, it could be of a high interest to extend the prescription of clozapine, the most effective current antipsychotic drug.", "21603581": "Genistein is an isoflavone found in soy, and its chemo-preventive and -therapeutic effects have been well established from in vitro studies. Recently, however, its therapeutic actions in vivo have been questioned due to contradictory reports from animal studies, which rely on rodent models or implantation of cell lines into animals. To clarify in vivo effects of genistein in advanced prostate cancer patients, we developed a patient-derived prostate cancer xenograft model, in which a clinical prostatectomy sample was grafted into immune deficient mice. Our results showed an increased lymph node (LN) and secondary organ metastases in genistein-treated mice compared to untreated controls. Interestingly, invasive malignant cells aggregated to form islands/micrometastasis only in the secondary organs of the genistein-treated groups, not in the untreated control group. To understand the underlying mechanism for metastatic progression, we examined cell proliferation and apoptosis on paraffin-sections. Immunohistological data show that tumors of genistein-treated groups have more proliferating and fewer apoptotic cancer cells than those of the untreated group. Our immunoblotting data suggest that increased proliferation and metastasis are linked to enhanced activities of tyrosine kinases, EGFR and its downstream Src, in genistein-treated groups. Despite the chemopreventive effects proposed by earlier in vitro studies, the cancer promoting effect of genistein observed here suggests the need for careful selection of patients and safer planning of clinical trials.", "17651700": "Daunorubicin (DNR) is a well known anticancer drug believed to act mainly by topoisomerase II inhibition and mitochondria-mediated free radical generation. Though several studies were dedicated to elucidate the mechanism of action of DNR, however the mechanism still remains illusive. DNR is reported to affect mitochondrial respiration. However, there are contradictory reports regarding DNR effect on oxygen consumption. Interestingly, DNR at low concentration (<10 microM) dose-dependently augments respiration but at higher concentration inhibits respiration. To investigate, if a concentration window exists in which the effect of DNR on mitochondria is optimum, dose-dependent effect of DNR on mitochondria was studied. DNR inhibited electron transfer and generates reactive oxygen species (ROS) at complex I and III but not at complex II. DNR-induced ROS generation was found instrumental in mitochondrial membrane potential collapse and mitochondrial permeability transition (MPT) opening. MPT closure reduced the observed respiratory burst. Thus, at lower DNR concentration, MPT opening leads to a sudden burst of respiration while at higher concentration electron transfer gets inhibited, therefore respiration gets repressed. We for the first time, provide a possible explanation for the reports regarding the differential regulation of respiration by DNR. Thus, further establishing the concept of concentration window and justifying the need for dose optimization for maximal therapeutic effect.", "24997879": "Adiponectin, one of the most abundant adipose-derived hormones, has variable actions in many tissues and organs. Although principally known for its insulin-sensitizing activity, recent data also highlight its homeostatic function, which is mediated both by direct actions on metabolic cells and indirectly through immunomodulatory effects on immune cells. Here we review the multifaceted immunometabolic actions of adiponectin and attempt to unify some of the contradictory reports on adiponectin function in inflammatory processes. We propose that a holistic understanding of adiponectin function can be garnered only from understanding its actions both on the immune system and on metabolism.", "9332732": "A potential long-term target of glucocorticoid modulation of serotonin (5-HT) production is tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH) gene expression. However, studies on TPH gene expression have been hampered by the extremely low levels of TPH mRNA in the brain, and there have been contradictory reports on the effects of glucocorticoids on 5-HT levels. To overcome these obstacles, we have developed a sensitive competitive RT-PCR assay to directly measure TPH mRNA levels from the rat brain. We observed a tissue-specific modulation of TPH mRNA levels in the melatonin producing pineal gland and the serotonin producing raphe nuclei of the brain. Following chronic treatment of adrenalectomized rats with the synthetic glucocorticoid dexamethasone for 1 week, there was a 16-fold increase in TPH mRNA in the pineal gland that was contrasted by a decrease in TPH mRNA to 16% of the control levels in the brain. To address the mechanism of dexamethasone repression of TPH mRNA levels, we then tested a serotonergic neuronal-like cell line derived from rat thyroid C cells. Dexamethasone caused a rapid decrease in TPH mRNA levels to approximately 20% of control values in CA77 C cells. This was measured by both competitive RT-PCR and a standard hybridization assay, which confirmed the validity of the RT-PCR assay. Furthermore, the reduction of TPH mRNA levels was associated with a decrease in 5-HT levels in the CA77 C cells. Hence, glucocorticoids may alter serotonin and melatonin biosynthetic capacity by cell-specific modulation of the TPH gene."}