{"10944516": "The nuclear peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) is a member of the nuclear receptor superfamily and acts as a ligand-dependent transcription factor mediating adipocyte differentiation, cell proliferation and inflammatory processes, and modulation of insulin sensitivity. Members of the 160-kDa protein (SRC-1/TIF2/AIB-1) family of coactivators, CBP/p300 and TRAP220/DRIP205, are shown to interact directly with PPARgamma and potentiate nuclear receptor transactivation function in a ligand-dependent fashion. Because PPARgamma ligands exert partially overlapping but distinct subsets of biological action through PPARgamma binding, we wished to examine whether interactions between PPARgamma and known coactivators were induced to the same extent by different classes of PPARgamma ligand. The natural ligand 15-deoxy-Delta12,14-prostaglandin J(2) induced PPARgamma interactions with all coactivators tested (SRC-1, TIF2, AIB-1, p300, TRAP220/DRIP205) in yeast and mammalian two-hybrid assays, as well as in a glutathione S-transferase pull-down assay. However, under the same conditions troglitazone, a synthetic PPARgamma ligand that acts as an antidiabetic agent, did not induce PPARgamma interactions with any of the coactivators. Our findings suggest that ligand binding may alter PPARgamma structure in a ligand type-specific way, resulting in distinct PPARgamma-coactivator interactions.", "11952142": "We studied the innate immune system of Cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) experimentally infected via the vaginal mucosae with a virulent simian immunodeficiency virus isolate SIVmac251. Animals were evaluated for their natural killer (NK) cell activity, and for their antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity. NK cells from SIVmac251-infected macaques show impaired NK cell activity compared to cells from uninfected animals. Subsequent treatment of NK cells with interferon-a (IFN-alpha) or interleukin-12 (IL-12) alone partially restored the NK activity. However, either treatment of NK cells with both IFN-alpha and IL-12 completely reversed the impairment of cytotoxicity induced by simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) infection. Incubation of NK cells from infected but not from uninfected monkeys with IFN-alpha and IL-12 for 8 days increased the percentage of CD16+/CD56+ cells twofold to five-fold and enhanced antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC) activity. Thus IFN-alpha and IL-12 greatly enhance both the NK cell and ADCC activities of peripheral blood cells from SIVmac251-infected animals and increase the number of NK cells in longer term culture. The combined effect of IFN-alpha and IL-12 in enhancing NK cell activity may provide a novel therapeutic approach for the restoration of depressed NK cell activity observed in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-infected patients.", "24551453": "The medical community suffered three significant fish oil failures/setbacks in 2013. Claims that fish oil's EPA/DHA would stop the progression of heart disease were crushed when The Risk and Prevention Study Collaborative Group (Italy) released a conclusive negative finding regarding fish oil for those patients with high risk factors but no previous myocardial infarction. Fish oil failed in all measures of CVD prevention-both primary and secondary. Another major 2013 setback occurred when fish oil's DHA was shown to significantly increase prostate cancer in men, in particular, high-grade prostate cancer, in the Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial (SELECT) analysis by Brasky et al. Another monumental failure occurred in 2013 whereby fish oil's EPA/DHA failed to improve macular degeneration. In 2010, fish oil's EPA/DHA failed to help Alzheimer's victims, even those with low DHA levels. These are by no means isolated failures. The promise of fish oil and its so-called active ingredients EPA / DHA fails time and time again in clinical trials. This lipids-based physiologic review will explain precisely why there should have never been expectation for success. This review will focus on underpublicized lipid science with a focus on physiology. ", "19202085": "Genome-wide transcription profile analysis of the heat-shocked wild-type strain under moderate (40 degrees C) and severe heat stress (50 degrees C) revealed that a large number of genes are differentially expressed after heat shock. Of these, 358 genes were upregulated and 420 were downregulated in response to moderate heat shock (40 degrees C) in Corynebacterium glutamicum. Our results confirmed the HrcA/controlling inverted repeat of chaperone expression (CIRCE)-dependent and HspR/HspR-associated inverted repeat (HAIR)-dependent upregulation of chaperones following heat shock. Other genes, including clusters of orthologous groups (COG) related to macromolecule biosynthesis and several transcriptional regulators (COG class K), were upregulated, explaining the large number of genes affected by heat shock. Mutants having deletions in the hrcA or hspR regulators were constructed, which allowed the complete identification of the genes controlled by those systems. The up- or downregulation of several genes observed in the microarray experiments was validated by Northern blot analyses and quantitative (real-time) reverse-transcription PCR. These analyses showed a heat-shock intensity-dependent response ('differential response') in the HspR/HAIR system, in contrast to the non-differential response shown by the HrcA/CIRCE-regulated genes.", "23257126": "Primary liver cancer is one of the most commonly seen tumors in clinical practice. Due to the stealthiness and fast progress of liver cancer, only 20% of the patients may have chance to receive operation for radical therapy. Patients seldom get benefit from systematic chemotherapy and as a result, local chemotherapy methods such as transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) have become the mainstay in the treatment of liver cancer. Compared with systematic chemotherapy, TACE produces fewer side effects and most of such side effects are caused by postembolization syndrome manifested as nausea and vomiting, abdominal pain, fever, loss of appetite, etc.", "25755707": "In this study, we report an active targeting liposomal formulation directed by a novel peptide (T7) that specifically binds to the transferrin receptor (TfR) overexpressed on ovarian carcinoma cells. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the in vitro and in vivo tumor drug targeting delivery of T7-anchored liposomes on A2780 cells. T7 conjugated to the distal end of DSPE-PEG2000-maleimide was incorporated into the liposomes via a post-insertion method, the liposome could keep stability in 50% FBS for more than 24 h. The uptake efficiency of T7-LP was 3.7 times higher than that of LP on A2780 cells. The anti-proliferative activity of T7-LP-PTX against A2780 cells was much stronger compared to that of LP-PTX and free PTX, respectively. The homing specificity and anticancer efficacy of T7-LP-PTX were also evaluated on the tumor spheroids, which revealed that T7-LP-PTX was more efficaciously internalized into tumor cells than LP. Compared to LP, T7-LP-PTX showed the highest accumulation capability into tumor spheroids, and the greatest tumor growth inhibitory effect in vitro. In the in vivo study, the T7-LP-PTX showed the best inhibition effect of the tumor growth for the A2780-bearing mice and tumor accumulation. In brief, the T7-LP may be an efficient targeting drug delivery system for ovarian carcinoma.", "3473468": "Human thymopoietin and splenin were isolated from human thymus and spleen, respectively, by monitoring tissue fractionation with a bovine thymopoietin RIA cross-reactive with human thymopoietin and splenin. Bovine thymopoietin and splenin are 49-amino acid polypeptides that differ by only 2 amino acids at positions 34 and 43; the change at position 34 in the active-site region changes the receptor specificities and biological activities. The complete amino acid sequences of purified human thymopoietin and splenin were determined and shown to be 48-amino acid polypeptides differing at four positions. Ten amino acids, constant within each species for thymopoietin and splenin, differ between the human and bovine polypeptides. The pentapeptide active site of thymopoietin (residues 32-36) is constant between the human and bovine thymopoietins, but position 34 in the active site of splenin has changed from glutamic acid in bovine splenin to alanine in human splenin, accounting for the biological activity of the human but not the bovine splenin on the human T-cell line MOLT-4.", "20234302": "Respiratory maneuvers can uncover manifestations of myocardial ischemia. Some pulse wave characteristics are associated with significant coronary artery disease (S-CAD). An innovative test using the respiratory stress response (RSR) has been developed for the detection of S-CAD based on spectral analysis of finger pulse wave oscillations measured using photoplethysmography (PPG) during deep, paced breathing at a rate of 6 breaths per minute (0.1 Hz) for 70 seconds. We evaluated this test (RSR) as an indicator of S-CAD.", "18292803": "Chromatin remodeling, particularly histone acetylation, plays a critical role in the progression of pathological cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure. We hypothesized that curcumin, a natural polyphenolic compound abundant in the spice turmeric and a known suppressor of histone acetylation, would suppress cardiac hypertrophy through the disruption of p300 histone acetyltransferase-dependent (p300-HAT-dependent) transcriptional activation. We tested this hypothesis using primary cultured rat cardiac myocytes and fibroblasts as well as two well-established mouse models of cardiac hypertrophy. Curcumin blocked phenylephrin-induced (PE-induced) cardiac hypertrophy in vitro in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, curcumin both prevented and reversed mouse cardiac hypertrophy induced by aortic banding (AB) and PE infusion, as assessed by heart weight/BW and lung weight/BW ratios, echocardiographic parameters, and gene expression of hypertrophic markers. Further investigation demonstrated that curcumin abrogated histone acetylation, GATA4 acetylation, and DNA-binding activity through blocking p300-HAT activity. Curcumin also blocked AB-induced inflammation and fibrosis through disrupting p300-HAT-dependent signaling pathways. Our results indicate that curcumin has the potential to protect against cardiac hypertrophy, inflammation, and fibrosis through suppression of p300-HAT activity and downstream GATA4, NF-kappaB, and TGF-beta-Smad signaling pathways.", "19693644": "Intervertebral spacers are made of different materials, which can affect the postfusion magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans. Susceptibility artifacts, especially for metallic implants, can decrease the image quality. This study aimed to determine whether magnesium as a lightweight and biocompatible metal is suitable as a biomaterial for spinal implants based on its MRI artifacting behavior.", "9773135": "Nausea and vomiting during and after spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section are distressing to the patient. This study was undertaken to evaluate the efficacy and safety of granisetron, droperidol and metoclopramide for the prevention of nausea and vomiting in parturients undergoing caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia.", "28745809": "The burden of post-neonatal mortality remains considerably high in Nigeria. This study examines the rural-urban differences in post-neonatal mortality rates (PNMR) and associated factors in Nigeria.", "26322275": "Superficial mycoses caused by dermatophytic fungi such as Trichophyton rubrum represent the most common type of worldwide human infection affecting various keratinized tissues in our body such as the skin, hair, and nails, etc. The dermatophytic infection is a significant public health threat due to its persistent nature and high recurrence rates, and thus alternative treatments to cure this fungal infection are urgently required. The present study mainly focused on the synergistic activity of violacein with four azole drugs (ketoconazole, fluconazole, clotrimazole, and itraconazole) against T. rubrum. The synergistic antifungal activities of violacein and azoles were measured by checkerboard microdilution and time-kill assays. In our study, combinations of violacein and azoles predominantly recorded synergistic effect (FIC index < 0.5). Significant synergistic value was recorded by the combination of violacein and clotrimazole. Time-kill assay by the combination of MIC concentration of violacein and azoles recorded that the growth of the T. rubrum was significantly arrested after 4-12 h of treatment. The combination of violacein and azoles leads to the enhanced inhibition of mycelial growth and conidial germination. Moreover combination enhanced the rate of release of intracellular materials. Morphological changes by SEM analysis were also prominent with the combination. A normal human cell line [Foreskin (FS) normal fibroblast] was used to check the cytotoxicity of violacein. Interestingly violacein recorded no cytotoxicity up to 100 \u03bcg/ml. The in vitro synergistic effect of violacein and azoles against clinically relevant fungi, T. rubrum, is reported here for the first time. Finally, our findings support the potential use of the violacein as an antifungal agent especially against dermatophytic fungi T. rubrum. ", "17080405": "The aim of this study was to investigate the protective effect of isothiocyanates towards N-nitrosamine-induced DNA damage in the single-cell gel electrophoresis (SCGE)/HepG2 assay. None of the isothiocyanates (ITCs) concentrations tested in the presence or absence of formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase (Fpg), caused DNA damage per se. Combined treatments of HepG2 cells with phenethyl isothiocyanate (PEITC), allyl isothiocyanate (AITC) or indol-3-carbinol (I3C) and N-nitrosopyrrolidine (NPYR) or N-nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA) reduced the genotoxic effects of the N-nitrosamines in a dose-dependent manner. The protective effect of the three ITCs tested was higher towards NPYR-induced oxidative DNA damage than against NDMA. The greatest protective effect towards NPYR-induced oxidative DNA damage was shown by I3C (1 microm, 79%) and by PEITC (1 microm, 67%) and I3C (1 microm, 61%) towards NDMA (in the presence of Fpg enzyme). However, in the absence of Fpg enzyme, AITC (1 microm, 72%) exerted the most drastic reduction towards NPYR-induced oxidative DNA damage, and PEITC (1 microm, 55%) towards NDMA. The results indicate that ITCs protect human-derived cells against the DNA damaging effect of NPYR and NDMA, two carcinogenic compounds which occur in the environment.", "22798424": "The epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) is responsible for Na+ and fluid absorption across colon, kidney, and airway epithelia. We have previously identified SPLUNC1 as an autocrine inhibitor of ENaC. We have now located the ENaC inhibitory domain of SPLUNC1 to SPLUNC1's N terminus, and a peptide corresponding to this domain, G22-A39, inhibited ENaC activity to a similar degree as full-length SPLUNC1 (\u223c2.5 fold). However, G22-A39 had no effect on the structurally related acid-sensing ion channels, indicating specificity for ENaC. G22-A39 preferentially bound to the \u03b2-ENaC subunit in a glycosylation-dependent manner. ENaC hyperactivity is contributory to cystic fibrosis (CF) lung disease. Addition of G22-A39 to CF human bronchial epithelial cultures (HBECs) resulted in an increase in airway surface liquid height from 4.2\u00b10.6 to 7.9\u00b10.6 \u03bcm, comparable to heights seen in normal HBECs, even in the presence of neutrophil elastase. Our data also indicate that the ENaC inhibitory domain of SPLUNC1 may be cleaved away from the main molecule by neutrophil elastase, which suggests that it may still be active during inflammation or neutrophilia. Furthermore, the robust inhibition of ENaC by the G22-A39 peptide suggests that this peptide may be suitable for treating CF lung disease.", "21446757": "An exponential amplification strategy for ultrasensitive detection of microRNA (miRNA) in biological extracts is developed based on a cross-catalyst strand-displacement reaction (CC-SDR). Functionally, the system consists of one upstream circuit and two downstream circuits, each of which comprises a three-stranded substrate complex and a single-stranded fuel. Importantly, the exponential amplification process does not require a polymerase or a nicking endonuclease. The whole network is activated by a miRNA trigger in the upstream circuit, which regenerates the miRNA trigger to catalyze another new upstream circuit and release two specified DNA outputs to further act as catalysts of the two downstream circuits, respectively. During each cross-catalyst network, two \"mimic trigger\" DNA are generated, which in turn catalyze the upstream system. Finally, the exponentially produced luminol-reduced AuNPs (lumAuNPs) and fluorescein-tagged signals are sensitively read out in the form of luminol-H(2)O(2)-horseradish peroxide (HRP)-fluorescein chemiluminescence resonance energy transfer (CRET) triplex probes by employing magnetic nanoparticles to reduce high background, achieving a detection limit of let-7a miRNA as low as 0.68 fM. Moreover, the proposed strategy exhibits an excellent specificity to discriminate one-base differences among the let-7 miRNA family and is successfully applied in real sample assay: let-7a miRNA in total RNA samples extracted from human lung tissue, and let-7b miRNA from human lung cancer cells and cervical adenocarcinoma cells, respectively. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to use the chemiluminescence technique for miRNA detection, which can be expected to provide a new and ultrasensitive platform for amplified detection and subsequent analysis of miRNA.", "11821158": "Rhesus monkeys are relevant models for tolerance induction. Hematopoetic chimerism is believed to be one of these strategies. The purpose of this study was to detect donor class I A locus allele specific mRNA in Rhesus monkey kidney recipient. We report here for the first time the results of frequency resonance energy transfer (FRET) hybridization technology in frozen tissues. Frequency resonance energy transfer hybridization was performed by using two Mamu-A*05 allele specific oligonucleotides: a donor probe labeled with FITC and acceptor probe conjugated to Texas Red. The PCR-SSP microchimerism analysis method produced 0.05% and 0.5% of donor DNA for Mamu-DRB1*1002 and Mamu-DRBw301/3 alleles, respectively. The donor cells were detected in mesenteric and/or inguinal lymph nodes, spleen, and liver, where the signal was the strongest. The results of FRET hybridization demonstrated the identical staining pattern in the recipient frozen tissues to that determined by PCR-SSP. Following FRET hybridization, the sections underwent immunohistochemical analysis, which revealed that donor cells had CD8+ phenotype. We demonstrate here for the first time that FRET in situ hybridization technique can be utilized for microchimerism analysis in frozen tissues. We conclude that using two donor mRNA specific oligonucleotide probes, rather than one, produce higher specificity.", "22741108": "For proper sedation during endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD), propofol has been widely used. This study aimed to compare the levels of sedation and tolerance of patients treated with midazolam (M group) and a combination of midazolam and propofol (MP group) during ESD.", "22364277": "Abstract Aims: The fate decision of adult stem cells is determined by the activation of specific intracellular signaling pathways after exposure to specific stimuli. In this study, we demonstrated specific functions of a novel small molecule, CBM-1078, that induced cell self-renewal via Oct4- and canonical Wnt/\u03b2-catenin-mediated deaging in cultured human adipose tissue-derived stem cells (hATSCs).", "16520554": "Fluid shear stress plays a critical role in vascular health and disease. While protein kinase A (PKA) has been implicated in shear-stimulated signaling events in endothelial cells, it remains unclear whether and how PKA is stimulated in response to shear stress. This issue was addressed in the present study by monitoring the phosphorylation of endogenous substrates of PKA. Shear stress stimulated the phosphorylation of cAMP responsive element binding protein (CREB) in a PKA-dependent manner. Western blot analysis using the antibody reactive against the consensus motif of PKA substrates detected two proteins, P135 and P50, whose phosphorylation was increased by shear stress. The phosphorylation of P135 was blocked by a PKA inhibitor, H89, but not by a phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor, wortmannin. Expression of a constitutively active PKA subunit stimulated P135 phosphorylation, supporting the potential of P135 as a PKA substrate. P135 was identified as endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) by immunoprecipitation study. PKA appeared to mediate shear stress-stimulated eNOS activation. Shear stress stimulated intracellular translocation of PKA activity from 'soluble' to 'particulate' fractions without involving cellular cAMP increase. Taken together, this study suggests that shear stress stimulates PKA-dependent phosphorylation of target proteins including eNOS, probably by enhancing intracellular site-specific interactions between protein kinase and substrates.", "12935295": "Transforming growth factor beta1 (TGFbeta1) is a potent inhibitor of epithelial cell growth, thus playing an important role in tissue homeostasis. Most carcinoma cells exhibit a reduced sensitivity for TGFbeta1 mediated growth inhibition, suggesting TGFbeta1 participation in the development of these cancers. The tumor suppressor gene DPC4/SMAD4, which is frequently inactivated in carcinoma cells, has been described as a key player in TGFbeta1 mediated growth inhibition. However, some carcinoma cells lacking functional SMAD4 are sensitive to TGFbeta1 induced growth inhibition, thus requiring a SMAD4 independent TGFbeta1 pathway.", "25477256": "Several studies have implied that the time of radiation exposure for patients and operators during the transradial approach for coronary angiography (TRA) is associated with the use of different guidewire or catheter and operator's finesse. This study aimed to assess the effects of non-hydrophilic or hydrophilic guidewire and operator expertise on fluoroscopy time and procedure time of TRA and further effects on the procedure safety.", "19136650": "We hypothesized that intranasal insulin (I-I) delivery targets the nervous system while avoiding potential adverse systemic effects when compared with subcutaneous insulin (S-I) for experimental streptozotocin-induced diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN).", "18514061": "We recently found that chromium picolinate (CrPic), a nutritional supplement thought to improve insulin sensitivity in individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, enhances insulin action by lowering plasma membrane (PM) cholesterol. Recent in vivo studies suggest that cholesterol-lowering statin drugs benefit insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant patients, yet a mechanism is unknown. We report here that atorvastatin (ATV) diminished PM cholesterol by 22% (P<0.05) in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. As documented for CrPic, this small reduction in PM cholesterol enhanced insulin action. Replenishment of cholesterol mitigated the positive effects of ATV on insulin sensitivity. Co-treatment with CrPic and ATV did not amplify the extent of PM cholesterol loss or insulin sensitivity gain. In addition, analyses of insulin signal transduction suggest a non-signaling basis of both therapies. Our data reveal an unappreciated beneficial non-hepatic effect of statin action and highlight a novel mechanistic similarity between two recently recognized therapies of impaired glucose tolerance.", "27058318": "Radioresistance is a major obstacle in successful clinical cancer radiotherapy, and the underlying mechanisms are not clear. Here we show that IKK\u03b1-mediated miR-196a biogenesis via interaction with Drosha regulates the sensitivity of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) cells to radiotherapy. Phosphorylation of IKK\u03b1 at T23 site (p-IKK\u03b1T23) promotes the binding of IKK\u03b1 to Drosha that accelerates the processing of miR-196a primary transcripts, leading to increased expressions of both precursor and mature miR-196a. Dephosphorylation of p-IKK\u03b1T23 downregulates miR-196a expression and promotes the resistance of NPC cells to radiation treatment. The miR-196a mimic suppresses while its inhibitor promotes the resistance of NPC to radiation treatment. Importantly, the expression of p-IKK\u03b1T23 is positively related to the expression of miR-196a in human NPC tissues, and expression of p-IKK\u03b1T23 and miR-196a is inversely correlated with NPC clinical radioresistance. Thus, our studies establish a novel mechanistic link between the inactivation of IKK\u03b1T23-Drosha-miR-196a pathway and NPC radioresistance, and de-inactivation of IKK\u03b1T23-Drosha-miR-196a pathway would be an efficient way to restore the sensitivity of radioresistant NPC to radiotherapy. ", "22306959": "Dispersal of (137)Cs from Komsomolets and K-159 is simulated using realistic rates and hypothetical scenarios. Furthermore, spatiotemporal (137)Cs concentrations in Northeast Arctic cod and capelin are estimated based on survey data. The results indicate that only pulse discharges from K-159 will cause concentrations of (137)Cs in cod muscle exceeding the intervention level of 600 Bq/kg fresh weight. A discharge of \u226510% of the (137)Cs-inventory will result in concentrations in muscle of cod exceeding the intervention level for approximately two years. In fact, a discharge of 10% of the (137)Cs-inventory results in an overlap of 8-30% between the different size groups of cod and levels that exceed the intervention level during the first year after the discharge. For capelin, individuals less than one year old during the first year after a discharge are more likely to be severely affected by discharges comprising \u226550% of the inventory.", "19718288": "Advanced and inoperable solid tumors in children are great killer despite aggressive multimodality treatment. Intravenous chemotherapy, due to high dose of drug given systemically, at times leads to abandonment of therapy due to systemic toxicities. To overcome this problem lots of studies are going on to explore alternative modes of giving anticancer drugs so as to decrease the systemic toxicities of the drugs and increase their therapeutic index at the same time.", "16040081": "A rapid, highly sensitive and selective spectrophotometric method for the determination of traces of selenium(IV) is described. The method is based on oxidation of p-nitroaniline by selenium(IV) followed by coupling reaction with N-(1-naphthalene-1-yl)ethane-1,2-diamine dihydrochloride (NEDA) in neutral medium to give red colored derivative with lambda(max) 515 nm and is stable for more than 10 days at 35 degrees C. Beer's law is obeyed for selenium(IV) in the concentration range of 0.02-3.2 microg ml(-1) at the wavelength of maximum absorption. The optimum reaction conditions and other analytical parameters were investigated to enhance the sensitivity of the present method. The detailed study of various interferences made the method more selective. The proposed method was successfully applied to the analysis of selenium in polluted water, natural water samples, plant material, soil samples, and synthetic mixtures. The results obtained were agreed with the reported methods at the 95% confidence level. The performance of proposed method was evaluated in terms of Student's t-test and Variance ratio f-test which indicates the significance of proposed method over reported method.", "10453151": "The quality of surgical information on the Internet is variable. Content variation limits the use of the Internet as a reliable and safe information source both for both health professionals and patients. Medical information is a particularly sensitive area. Incorrect or misleading information may lead to potentially dangerous health behaviour, patients reading information intended for health professionals may misunderstand information or may get wrong expectations regarding treatment options.", "17367204": "Metrics of phylogenetic tree reliability, such as parametric bootstrap percentages or Bayesian posterior probabilities, represent internal measures of the topological reproducibility of a phylogenetic tree, while the recently introduced aLRT (approximate likelihood ratio test) assesses the likelihood that a branch exists on a maximum-likelihood tree. Although those values are often equated with phylogenetic tree accuracy, they do not necessarily estimate how well a reconstructed phylogeny represents cladistic relationships that actually exist in nature. The authors have therefore attempted to quantify how well bootstrap percentages, posterior probabilities, and aLRT measures reflect the probability that a deduced phylogenetic clade is present in a known phylogeny. The authors simulated the evolution of bacterial genes of varying lengths under biologically realistic conditions, and reconstructed those known phylogenies using both maximum likelihood and Bayesian methods. Then, they measured how frequently clades in the reconstructed trees exhibiting particular bootstrap percentages, aLRT values, or posterior probabilities were found in the true trees. The authors have observed that none of these values correlate with the probability that a given clade is present in the known phylogeny. The major conclusion is that none of the measures provide any information about the likelihood that an individual clade actually exists. It is also found that the mean of all clade support values on a tree closely reflects the average proportion of all clades that have been assigned correctly, and is thus a good representation of the overall accuracy of a phylogenetic tree.", "22593708": "Purpose of this study was to evaluate with diffusion-tensor imaging (DTI) changes of radial diffusivity (RD) and fractional anisotropy (FA) in the optic nerve (ON) and optic radiation (OR) in glaucoma and to determine whether changes in RD and FA correlate with disease severity. Therefore, glaucoma patients and controls were examined using 3T. Regions of interest were positioned on RD and FA maps, and mean values were calculated for ON and OR and correlated with optic nerve atrophy and reduced spatial-temporal contrast sensitivity (STCS) of the retina. We found, that RD in glaucoma patients was significantly higher in the ON (0.74 \u00b1 0.21 versus 0.58 \u00b1 0.17\u00b710(-3)\u2009mm(2)\u2009s(-1); P < 0.05) and OR (0.79 \u00b1 0.23 versus 0.62 \u00b1 0.14\u00b710(-3)\u2009mm(2)\u2009s(-1); P < 0.05) compared to controls. Aside, FA was significantly decreased (0.48 \u00b1 0.15 versus 0.66 \u00b1 0.12 and 0.50 \u00b1 0.20 versus 0.66 \u00b1 0.11; P < 0.05). Hereby, correlation between changes in RD/FA and optic nerve atrophy/STCS was observed (r > 0.77). In conclusion, DTI at 3 Tesla allows robust RD and FA measurements in the ON and OR. Hereby, the extent of RD increase and FA decrease in glaucoma correlate with established ophthalmological examinations.", "25395378": "Everolimus, an oral inhibitor of mammalian target of mTOR, has been recently shown to have antitumor effect in a phase III, double-blind, randomized trial (RADIANT-3) of 410 patients with advanced pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (PNETs). The purpose of this study was to investigate the specific efficacy and safety of everolimus in the Chinese patient with PNETs. In this randomized phase II study, the analysis on Chinese patients was performed comparing efficacy and safety between everolimus 10 mg/day orally (n = 44) and matching placebo (n = 35). The primary endpoint was progression-free survival (PFS). Adverse events were also examined. The median PFS was 15.47 months with everolimus [95% confidence interval (CI) 10.52-26.37], as compared to 4.29 months with placebo (95% CI 2.22-10.75), representing a 72% reduction in the risk of progression or death (hazard ratio 0.27; 95% CI 0.13-0.59; P < 0.001). Drug-associated adverse events (AEs) were mostly grade 1 or 2, observed in all 44 (100%) patients receiving everolimus and in 29 (83%) patients receiving placebo. The most common AEs (grade 1-4) associated with everolimus were rash (n = 38; 86%), stomatitis (n = 30; 68%), infections (n = 33; 75%), epistaxis (n = 32; 73%), pneumonitis (n = 27; 61%) and anemia (n = 22; 50%). Everolimus when compared with placebo is effectively in improving PFS in Chinese patients with PNETs.", "23535800": "We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to identify the effect of computer-based cognitive rehabilitation (CBCR) on improving cognitive functions in patients with stroke.", "25108671": "In the recent years, matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9) has been focused on as an indicator of glioma grade and prognosis, especially in China. However, all results resulted in many conflicts. So, it is necessary to conduct a meta-analysis to secure a convincing correlation between MMP-9 and grade and prognosis. Eligible studies were included via multiple searches, and then odds ratios (ORs) and hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were estimated. Funnel plots were available for evaluation of publication bias. In addition, heterogeneity and sensitivity were also analyzed. In the present meta-analysis, 23 articles were allowed for inclusion with total 1,635 patients. Coincidentally, all studies were conducted in Chinese populations. High MMP-9 expression in gliomas was closely associated with high WHO grade (III+IV) (n = 22, OR = 5.25, 95% CI = 4.09-6.73; p = 0.000), while MMP-9 expression did not correlate to age (n = 4, OR = 1.02, 95 % CI = 0.67-1.54; p = 0.929) and gender (n = 5, OR = 0.91, 95% CI = 0.63-1.33; p = 0.632). Besides, overall survival analysis from two articles revealed MMP-9 expression significantly predicted 5-year-OS (HR = 6.44, 95% CI = 3.88-10.70; p = 0.000) in glioma patients. No heterogeneity and publication bias were observed across all studies. To conclude, this meta-analysis suggests MMP-9 is potently associated with high grade and poor 5 years prognosis, and MMP-9 test of glioma tissues should be established in department of pathology as a routine in clinical practice.", "26353858": "In the present study, we investigated the clinical effects of image-guided iodine-125 ((125)I) seed on unresectable pancreatic cancer. Twenty-five patients with unresectable pancreatic cancer were enrolled in this study, including 13 patients with seed implantation and 12 patients as control. The survival status, clinical benefits, objective curative effects, and relevant tumor markers were analyzed to assess the feasibility and safety of interstitial (125)I seed implantation. We found that the clinical benefit rate of the seed implantation group is 92.3\u00a0% (12/13), compared with 41.7\u00a0% (5/12) in the control, and the difference was statistically significant (p\u2009<\u20090.01). Compared with control, patients with seed implantation had significantly shorter operative time, less bleeding, higher albumin, shorter periods to bowel movement, and normal diet as well as lower risk of complications (p\u2009<\u20090.001). The differences of objective curative effects adverse effects, complications, and median survival between these two groups were not significant statistically (p\u2009>\u20090.05). In conclusion, (125)I seed implantation provides a safe and effective method to inhibit the tumor development, relieve pain, and improve quality of life for unresectable pancreatic cancer. These findings need to be validated by conducting further studies with larger cohorts. ", "19693769": "3,3'-Diindolylmethane (DIM) is a known anti-tumor agent against breast and other cancers; however, its exact mechanism of action remains unclear. The urokinase plasminogen activator (uPA) and its receptor (uPAR) system are involved in the degradation of basement membrane and extracellular matrix, leading to tumor cell invasion and metastasis. Since uPA-uPAR system is highly activated in aggressive breast cancer, we hypothesized that the biological activity of B-DIM could be mediated via inactivation of uPA-uPAR system. We found that B-DIM treatment as well as silencing of uPA-uPAR led to the inhibition of cell growth and motility of MDA-MB-231 cells, which was in part due to inhibition of VEGF and MMP-9. Moreover, silencing of uPA-uPAR led to decreased sensitivity of these cells to B-DIM indicating an important role of uPA-uPAR in B-DIM-mediated inhibition of cell growth and migration. We also found similar effects of B-DIM on MCF-7, cells expressing low levels of uPA-uPAR, which was due to direct down-regulation of MMP-9 and VEGF, independent of uPA-uPAR system. Interestingly, over-expression of uPA-uPAR in MCF-7 cells attenuated the inhibitory effects of B-DIM. Our results, therefore, suggest that B-DIM down-regulates uPA-uPAR in aggressive breast cancers but in the absence of uPA-uPAR, B-DIM can directly inhibit VEGF and MMP-9 leading to the inhibition of cell growth and migration of breast cancer cells.", "15024332": "Hip fracture is among the most common causes of acute immobilization in elderly patients leading to increased bone resorption, and elderly patients with hip fracture are at high risk for a subsequent hip fracture.", "22331597": "High-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1), a nuclear and extracellular protein, is implicated in the development and progression of some types of cancers. However, no information is available to date regarding the function of HMGB1 in ovarian cancer. In this study, we performed cDNA microarray analysis and identified HMGB1 as a gene dramatically elevated in the highly invasive subclone S1 compared with the low invasive subclone S21 derived from the same cell line SKOV3. Then lentivirus vector with HMGB1 shRNA was constructed and infected the highly invasive cell line S1, A1, and HO8910PM. Real-time RT-PCR, Western blot, and IHC results confirmed the down-regulation of HMGB1 expression by its shRNA was about 80-90% at both the mRNA and protein levels. Knockdown of HMGB1 significantly suppressed ovarian cancer cell proliferation and induced cell cycle arrest at the G1/G0 phase, which was accompanied by decreased expressions of cyclin D1 and PCNA. Furthermore, knockdown of HMGB1 induced ovarian cancer cell apoptosis, which was mediated by increased expression of Bax and decreased expression of Bcl-2. Finally, knockdown of HMGB1 significantly inhibited ovarian cancer cell invasion and metastasis, which was regulated by decreased expressions of MMP2 and MMP9. Serum HMGB1 levels in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer were significantly higher than that in patients with benign ovarian tumor and healthy controls. These results indicate that HMGB1 is a newly identified gene associated with ovarian cancer growth and metastasis. HMGB1 may serve as a new therapeutic target for the treatment of ovarian cancer in the future.", "10463949": "Interleukin-15 (IL-15) is a potent inhibitor of several apoptosis pathways. One prominent path toward apoptosis is the ligand-induced association of TNF receptor 1 (TNFR1) with death domain adaptor proteins. Studying if and how IL-15 blocks TNFR1-mediated apoptosis in a murine fibroblast cell line (L929), we show here that IL-15 blocks TNFR1-induced apoptosis via IL-15Ralpha chain signaling. The intracellular tail of IL-15Ralpha shows sequence homologies to the TRAF2 binding motifs of CD30 and CD40. Most important, binding of IL-15 to IL-15Ralpha successfully competes with the TNFR1 complex for TRAF2 binding, which may impede assembly of key adaptor proteins to the TNFR1 complex, and induces IkappaBalpha phosphorylation. Thus, IL-15Ralpha chain stimulation is a powerful deflector of cell death very early in the apoptosis signaling cascade, while TNF-alpha and IL-15 surface as major opponents in apoptosis control.", "213200": "Changes in angiotensin-converting enzyme were measured in the lungs of fetal rabbits isolated and perfused in situ at varying ages from 22 days gestation to 7 days of age under controlled conditions of flow, pH, and temperature. Enzyme activity was assessed by infusing bradykinin or angiotensin I in Krebs-Henseleit solution and measuring residual peptide in the effluent by radioimmunoassay. The levels of substrate studied were below those required for enzyme saturation. Lungs of 22 day gestation fetuses removed only one-third of either peptide. The activity at term and in neonatal life resulted in more than 80% peptide removal. The time of the greatest rise in the percent substrate cleared occurs earlier than the time of the greatest increase in lung and body weight. The lower percentage of substrate cleared in early gestation appears to result in part from a limited surface area for enzyme activity in the primitive fetal pulmonary microvascular bed, since morphological studies with fluorescein-tagged anticonverting enzyme antibody demonstrated the presence of enzyme in the lung as early as 17 days of gestation. Electron micrographs of the pulmonary endothelial cell surface reveal that the degree of surface infolding and hence surface area increases with gestation. The higher percentage of substrate cleared in later gestation closely parallels the structural and ultrastructural development of the vascular bed. The presence of converting enzyme in the placenta by the second third of gestation and the large size of the placenta suggest that this organ may be a major locus of converting enzyme activity in the fetus.", "28352722": "The application of food-specific IgG antibody detection in allergy dermatoses was explored. 181 patients with allergy dermatoses were diagnosed from January to September 2014 and 20 healthy subjects were selected. Fourteen kinds of food-specific IgG antibodies were detected by ELISA method among all the subjects. The positive rates of IgG antibody of the patient group and the healthy group were respectively 65.2% and 5.0%. The positive rates of IgG antibody of egg, milk, shrimp and crab took a large proportion in three groups of patients with three kinds of allergy dermatoses of urticaria, eczema and allergic dermatitis, the proportion of which was respectively 70.2%, 77.8% and 71.7%. Among urticaria and allergic dermatitis patients with positive antibody, the positive rate of children was significantly higher than that of adults (p<0.05) while there was no significant difference between children and adults among eczema patients with positive antibody (p>0.05). Allergy dermatoses are closely related to food-specific IgG antibodies, and the allergy dermatoses patients have a high incidence rate of food intolerance; detecting IgG antibody in the serum of patients is of great significance for the diagnosis and treatment of allergy dermatoses.", "27312347": "Performing intracorporeal anastomoses and sutures is possibly the technique that requires the greater skill in laparoscopy. The emergence of new barbed sutures seems to facilitate the practice, with bariatric surgery (mainly in mixed and malabsorptive techniques) being one of the specialties that can most benefit from them. This review aims to evaluate barbed sutures' use and safety in bariatric surgery. Barbed sutures might facilitate the practice by improving some aspects of surgery such as reproducibility and operative time, although further research is needed.", "11714793": "The alpha-chain of the IL-15R (IL-15Ralpha) serves as the specific, high-affinity receptor for IL-15. It is expressed by lymphoid and nonlymphoid cells, including B cell lymphoma lines. In this study, we have further explored IL-15Ralpha-mediated signaling in activated primary B cells and in Raji cells, a human B-lymphoblastoid cell line which expresses the IL-15Ralpha and IL-2Rgamma chains, but lacks the IL-2Rbeta chain. Stimulation of Raji cells with IL-15 induces their proliferation and rescues them from C2-ceramide-induced apoptosis. By immunoprecipitation and Western blotting, we show that treatment of Raji cells and activated primary B cells with IL-15 induces coprecipitation of Syk kinase with the IL-15Ralpha chain. Upon association, the activated Syk kinase phosphorylates the IL-15Ralpha chain as well as phospholipase Cgamma, which coprecipitates with Syk. Furthermore, transfection of Raji cells with stem-loop Syk antisense oligonucleotides prevents IL-15Ralpha and phospholipase Cgamma phosphorylation as well as the inhibition of apoptosis by IL-15. Mutation of a defined region of the intracellular signaling portion of IL-15Ralpha (Tyr227) abrogates both the IL-15Ralpha/Syk association and IL-15Ralpha phosphorylation. Taken together, this suggests that Syk kinase physically and functionally associates with the IL-15Ralpha chain in B cells and that Syk plays a key role in mediating IL-15-induced signal transduction, thus accounting for the distinct functional consequences of IL-15 vs IL-2 binding to B cells.", "11714798": "Using a forward genetic approach and phenotype-based complementation screening to search for factors that stimulate cell proliferation, we have isolated a novel secreted bone marrow stroma-derived growth factor, which we termed SF20/IL-25. This protein signals cells to proliferate via its receptor, which we have identified as mouse thymic shared Ag-1 (TSA-1). Enforced expression of TSA-1 in IL-3-dependent Ba/F3 cells that do not express endogenous TSA-1 rendered cells to proliferate in a dose-dependent manner when stimulated with SF20/IL-25. FDCP2, a factor-dependent hemopoietic cell line that expresses endogenous TSA-1, could also be stimulated to proliferate with SF20/IL-25. Binding of SF20 to TSA-1 was blocked by anti-TSA-1 Ab and SF20-induced proliferation of TSA-1-expressing cells was inhibited by anti-TSA-1. In vitro assay revealed that SF20/IL-25 has no detectable myelopoietic activity but supports proliferation of cells in the lymphoid lineage.", "9314560": "The induction of T cell anergy in vivo is thought to result from antigen recognition in the absence of co-stimulation and inflammation, and is associated with a block in T cell proliferation and Th1 differentiation. Here we have examined the role of interleukin (IL)-12, a potent inducer of Th1 responses, in regulating this process. T cell tolerance was induced by the administration of protein antigen without adjuvant in normal mice, and in recipients of adoptively transferred T cells from T cell receptor transgenic mice. The administration of IL-12 at the time of tolerance induction stimulates Th1 differentiation, but does not promote antigen-specific T cell proliferation. Conversely, inhibiting CTLA-4 engagement during anergy induction reverses the block in T cell proliferation, but does not promote full Th1 differentiation. T cells exposed to tolerogenic antigen in the presence of both IL-12 and anti-CTLA-4 antibody are not anergized, and behave identically to T cells which have encountered immunogenic antigen. These results suggest that two processes contribute to the induction of anergy in vivo; CTLA-4 engagement, which leads to a block in the ability of T cells to proliferate to antigen, and the absence of a prototypic inflammatory cytokine, IL-12, which prevents the differentiation of T cells into Th1 effector cells. The combination of IL-12 and anti-CTLA-4 antibody is sufficient to convert a normally tolerogenic stimulus to an immunogenic one.", "21283078": "Slug, a member of the Snail family of transcription factors, has a crucial role in the regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) by suppressing several epithelial markers and adhesion molecules, including E-cadherin. A recent study demonstrated that no relationship exists between Slug and E-cadherin in pancreatic cancer. Another study showed that in malignant mesothelioma effusions Slug was associated with matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) expression, but that there was no association with E-cadherin. F-ascin is an actin-bundling protein involved in filopodia assembly and cancer invasion and metastasis of multiple epithelial cancer types. In this study, we investigated Slug, E-cadherin, and MMP-9 expression using immunohistochemistry in 60 patients with pancreatic cancer and their correlation with carcinoma invasion and metastasis. Additionally, we observed the effects of Slug on invasion and metastasis in the pancreatic cancer cell line PANC-1. Alterations in Slug, MMP-9, and E-cadherin were determined by RT-PCR, western blot, and immunohistochemistry. Alterations in MMP-9 and F-actin cytoskeleton were determined by immunofluorescence staining, flow cytometry (FCM), or gelatin zymography. Slug, E-cadherin, and MMP-9 expression in pancreatic cancer was significantly associated with lymph node metastases and we found a significant correlation between Slug and MMP-9 expression; however, no significant correlation was observed between Slug and E-cadherin expression. Slug transfection significantly increased invasion and metastasis in PANC-1 cells and orthotopic tumor of mouse in vivo, and significantly upregulated and activated MMP-9; however, there was no effect on E-cadherin expression. Slug promoted the formation of lamelliopodia or filopodia in PANC-1 cells. The intracellular F-actin and MMP-9 was increased and relocated to the front of the extending pseudopodia from the perinuclear pool in Slug-transfected PANC-1 cells. These results suggest that Slug promotes migration and invasion of PANC-1 cells, which may correlate with the reorganization of MMP-9 and remodeling of the F-actin cytoskeleton, but not with E-cadherin expression.", "26542344": "Cognitive impairment has been well documented in HIV and hepatitis C virus (HCV) mono-infections. However, in the context of HIV/HCV co-infection the research is more limited. The aim of this systematic review was to describe the characteristics of cognitive impairment in HIV/HCV co-infection and to examine the differences in cognitive performance between HIV/HCV and HIV and HCV mono-infected patients. Of the 437 records initially screened, 24 papers met the inclusion criteria and were included in the systematic review. Four studies were included in the meta-analysis. Most studies indicated that HIV/HCV co-infected patients had a higher level of cognitive impairment than HIV mono-infected patients. Meta-analysis indicated, however, that HIV mono-infected patients had a significantly higher global deficit score than co-infected patients. The results also indicated that co-infected patients were more likely to be impaired in information processing speed than HIV mono-infected patients. These findings can be challenged by biasing factors such as the small number of studies, heterogeneity of the samples, and a large diversity of methodological procedures. Future research with consistent and comprehensive neuropsychological batteries and covering a greater diversity of risk factors is needed, in order to clarify the effects of both viruses on cognitive function and the mechanisms that underlie these effects. Because cognitive impairments may pose significant challenges to medication adherence, quality of life and overall functioning, such knowledge may have important implications to the planning and implementation of effective interventions aimed at optimising the clinical management of these infections. ", "10993934": "A novel flavivirus, GB virus C (GBV-C)/hepatitis G virus (HGV), has been detected in chronic liver disease patients. It is known that the viral RNA can be detected in approximately 5% of American blood donors. However, the implications for liver disease and the sites of virus replication remain unknown. Possible sites of virus replication were studied by using cell lines and/or primary cells derived from human lymphoid cells, myeloid cells, hepatocytes and endothelial cells. RNA was detected by virus strand-specific RT-PCR and GBV-C/HGV antigen was detected with a rabbit polyclonal anti-E2 (envelope 2) antibody by Western blot analysis. Negative-strand RNA, representative of replicating virus, was detected in lymphoid and megakaryocytoid cell lines and primary vascular endothelial cells. In addition, an increase in virus titre over time was demonstrated and viral antigen was detected, and virus could be passaged to infect fresh cells. However, viral RNA or antigen could not be detected in any of the hepatocyte lines tested. These results indicate that the replication site of GBV-C/HGV is not primarily in hepatocytes and that detection of replicating virus in hepatic tissue may reflect virus replication in haematopoietic cells and/or vascular endothelial cells present in the liver.", "17965330": "Postnatal skeletal muscle growth is a result of hypertrophy of existing skeletal muscle fibers in food producing animals. Accumulation of additional nuclei, as a source of DNA, to the multinucleated skeletal muscle fiber aids in fiber hypertrophy during periods of rapid skeletal muscle growth. Muscle satellite cells are recognized as the source of nuclei to support muscle hypertrophy. Exogenous growth-enhancing compounds have been used to modulate growth rate and efficiency in meat animals for over a half century. In cattle, these compounds enhance efficiency of growth by preferentially stimulating skeletal muscle growth compared with adipose tissue. There are 2 main classes of compounds approved for use in cattle in the United States, anabolic steroids and beta-adrenergic agonists (beta-AA). Administration of both trenbolone acetate and estradiol-17beta, as implants, increased carcass protein accumulation 8 to 10% in yearling steers. Muscle satellite cells isolated from steers implanted with trenbolone acetate/ estradiol-17beta had a shorter lag phase in culture compared with satellite cells isolated from control steers. Collectively, these data indicate that activation, increased proliferation, and subsequent fusion of satellite cells in muscles of implanted cattle may be an important mechanism by which anabolic steroids enhance muscle hypertrophy. Oral administration of beta-AA to ruminants does not alter DNA accumulation in skeletal muscle over a typical feeding period (28 to 42 d). Enhanced muscle hypertrophy observed due to beta-AA feeding occurs by direct, receptor-mediated changes in protein synthesis and degradation rates of skeletal muscle tissue. Proper timing of anabolic steroid administration when coupled with beta-AA feeding could result in a synergistic response in skeletal muscle growth due to the effects of anabolic steroids at increasing satellite cell activity, which then can support the rapid hypertrophic changes of the muscle fiber when exposed to beta-AA. At the same time each of these classes of compounds are stimulating lean tissue deposition, they appear to repress adipogenesis in meat animals. Increased knowledge of the mechanism by which growth promoters regulate lean tissue deposition and adipogenesis in meat animals will allow for effective application of these techniques to optimize lean tissue growth and minimize the negative effects on meat quality.", "23481049": "Leprosy is among the world's oldest and most dreaded diseases and it has been synonymous with stigma and discrimination due to the hideous deformities it produced, mystery around its aetiology and transmission and lack of any effective remedy till recently. Leprosy control started with the use of chaulmoogra oil and for the last three decades, multi drug therapy (MDT) has been our main tool against leprosy. In the last two decades, the reported global prevalence of active leprosy infection has dropped by almost 90 per cent by the combined efforts of the World Health Organization (WHO), local governments, health professionals, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs), however, a parallel drop in the incidence or new case detection rate (NCDR) has not occurred. From 1994 through 2011, more than 100,000 new cases are being detected annually, of whom maximum case load is from India. There is need for research on tools for early diagnosis, short and effective treatment, and prevention of deformities and disabilities. Evaluating the role of immunotherapy and immunoprophylaxis will also lead us to better understanding of their mode of action. Further molecular analysis of Mycobacterium leprae genome may provide the requisite basis for all this. The current reality is that there is a need to sustain and provide quality leprosy services to all persons through general health services, including good referral system. All these provisions in the integrated health care approach will go a long way in further reducing the stigma. Efforts need to be made to reduce deformity through early detection, self care, physiotherapy and reconstructive surgery and developing sound surveillance systems. With all the remarkable achievements in the fight against leprosy, the stage is now set for the final assault. It is hoped that with the efforts of all the stake holders and strong political will, the disease will be eradicated in the near future.", "11182366": "To investigate the molecular machinery of docetaxel (Taxotere)-initiated death signaling on prostate cancer cell lines LNCaP and PC-3. Taxotere is a member of the taxane family of chemotherapeutic agents. It has been shown to disrupt microtubule dynamics causing mitotic arrest, which leads to cell death. Taxotere has demonstrated induction of cell death in LNCaP and PC-3 cells. However, the pathways by which apoptosis occurs differ in each cell line.", "11714847": "Free fatty acids released during triglyceride lipolysis play an important role in obesity-associated insulin resistance of glucose disposal. Individual sensitivity of lipolysis to the suppressive effect of insulin varies greatly among healthy subjects. It is possible that genetic factors contribute to this variation. Among the many proteins involved in the regulation of lipolysis, hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) represents a prime candidate for genetic variants contributing to the biological variation of insulin sensitivity of lipolysis. We determined the insulin sensitivity of lipolysis (suppression of isotopically [primed-continuous infusion of d5 glycerol] measured glycerol rate of appearance) and of glucose disposal, using a three-step (n = 20) or standard (n = 53) hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp in 73 healthy, unrelated subjects. To assess the possible role of genetic polymorphisms, we directly sequenced the coding region of the HSL gene and the noncoding exon B from these subjects. We identified two silent mutations and three amino acid polymorphisms: Arg262Met (prevalence, 5%), Glu620Asp (prevalence, 31%) and Ser681Ile (prevalence, 22%). The latter two are located in the regulatory domain of HSL but neither had a significant impact on insulin sensitivity of lipolysis or glucose disposal (with and without adjustment for obesity and age as covariates; all P values > 0.20). We conclude that a number of genetic polymorphisms in HSL exist, some of which are highly prevalent. Neither of the polymorphisms we identified in the coding region, however, contributed measurably to the biological variation of insulin sensitivity in our lean, healthy population.", "21291296": "To evaluate spectral-domain optical coherence tomography (OCT) findings based on preferential hyperacuity perimeter (PHP) in patients after idiopathic epiretinal membrane surgery.", "22806817": "In order to provide guidance for selecting suitable heterogenous gene that can efficiently enhance toxicity or broaden insecticidal spectrum of Cry1Ac through fusion expression, two hybrid cry1Acs fused with chitinase-encoding gene tchiB and neurotoxin gene hwtx-1 respectively were constructed and their toxicities were compared. A Bacillus thuringiensis strain harboring the cry1Ac gene in vector pHT315 was used as control. Bioassay revealed that LC(50) (after 72\u00a0h) of Cry1Ac protoxin was 41.01\u00a0\u03bcg\u00a0mL(-1), while the hybrid cry1Acs fused with tchiB and hwtx-1 were 4.89\u00a0and 23.14\u00a0\u03bcg\u00a0mL(-1), which were 8.23- and 1.77-fold higher than Cry1Ac protoxin in terms of relative toxicity respectively. Both fusion crystals had a higher toxicity than the original Cry1Ac protein and the toxicity of hybrid cry1Acs fused with hwtx-1 experienced a more significant increase than that fused with tchiB.", "24969506": "Despite the importance of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) in China, no nationally representative studies have characterised the clinical profiles, management, and outcomes of this cardiac event during the past decade. We aimed to assess trends in characteristics, treatment, and outcomes for patients with STEMI in China between 2001 and 2011.", "18227494": "At least one of four diabetic patients is affected by distal symmetric polyneuropathy, which represents a major health problem, since it may present with partly excruciating neuropathic pain and is responsible for substantial morbidity, increased mortality, and impaired quality of life. Treatment is based on four cornerstones: 1) causal treatment aimed at (near)-normoglycemia, 2) treatment based on pathogenetic mechanisms, 3) symptomatic treatment, and 4) avoidance of risk factors and complications. Recent experimental studies suggest a multifactorial pathogenesis of diabetic neuropathy. From the clinical point of view, it is important to note that, based on these pathogenetic mechanisms, therapeutic approaches could be derived, some of which are currently being evaluated in clinical trials. Among these agents, only alpha-lipoic acid is available for treatment in several countries and epalrestat in Japan. Although several novel analgesic drugs such as duloxetine and pregabalin have recently been introduced into clinical practice, the pharmacologic treatment of chronic painful diabetic neuropathy remains a challenge for the physician. Individual tolerability remains a major aspect in any treatment decision. Epidemiological data indicate that not only increased alcohol consumption but also the traditional cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension, smoking, and cholesterol play a role in development and progression of diabetic neuropathy and hence need to be prevented or treated.", "23044393": "The sustained opening of the mitochondrial permeability transition pore (PTP) is a decisive event in the onset of irreversible cell injury. The PTP is modulated by numerous exogenous and endogenous effectors, including mitochondrial membrane potential, ions and metabolites. Mitochondrial sirtuins have recently emerged as pivotal mediators of mitochondrial metabolism. In the present study, we demonstrate that sirt-4 modulates sensitivity to PTP onset induced by calcium and the oxidative cross linking reagent phenylarsine oxide, and PTP dependent cytotoxicity brought about by TNF or doxorubicin. Moreover, the ability of sirt-4 to modulate onset of the PTP is dependent on the expression of glutamate dehydrogenase-1.", "14557482": "Human endometrium expresses TGF-beta and TGF-beta receptors where they regulate several endometrial biological activities implicated in embryo implantation, irregular bleeding, endometriosis, and cancer. In the present study, we determined the expression of Smads, intracellular signals that mediate TGF-beta receptors signals from the cell surface to the nucleus, in the endometrium as well as isolated endometrial epithelial (EEC) and stromal (ESC) cells. We also determined whether TGF-beta regulates the expression Smads and activates Smad3 in these cells and endometrial surface epithelial cell line (HES). Using semiquantitative RT-PCR, Western blot analysis, and immunohistochemistry, we found that endometrium, EEC, ESC, and HES express Smad3, -4, and -7 mRNA and protein and contain phosphorylated Smad3 (pSmad3). Smads and pSmad3 were localized in the epithelial and stromal cells with cytoplasmic/nuclear localization. TGF-beta in a dose- and time-dependent manner increased the expression of Smads mRNA and protein, the rate of pSmad3 activation, and Smad3 translocation into the nucleus in ESC and HES. The effect of TGF-beta on pSmad3 induction was, in part, abrogated by the pretreatment of HES and ESC with TGF-beta type II receptor antisense oligonucleotides. We conclude that human endometrium expresses the necessary components of Smad signaling pathway, whose expression and induction in endometrial epithelial and stromal cells are regulated by TGF-beta.", "26345774": "The aim of this study was to evaluate the immune memory response 13-18 years after an hepatitis B virus (HBV) vaccine by performing a specific in vitro stimulation experiment. Thirty healthy volunteers who had been inoculated 13-18 years ago with the HBV vaccine were collected from the physical examination center. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were stimulated with 50 ng/mL recombinant HBsAg. An ELISA kit was used for the detection of antibodies that were produced by these cells in vitro. It was found that even 13-18 years after inoculation with the HBV vaccine, an anamnestic antibody response still existed, and was not correlated with the serum antibody levels (r = -0.177, P = 0.377). In conclusion, our data showed that the individuals after inoculation, including those with anti-HBs <10 IU/L as well as those individuals in whom the antibody was not detected, retained immune memory, which may be the main role of memory B cells. ", "12370229": "Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMNCs), platelets, and polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs) contain various angiogenic factors and cytokines.", "22249783": "Recent evidence from case reports, observational studies, and randomized trials suggests that long-term use of antidepressants increases the risk of developing diabetes. However, the nature of the relationship between antidepressants and diabetes remains unclear.", "21553464": "Lyme borreliosis is a multi-systemic disease caused by spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato. The specific response is influenced by phenotypic characteristics of Borrelia, different antigen structure, their different geographic distribution, and the patient's capability to react to the infection. The immune response to Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato develops relatively late, whereas in some patients it never develops. The immune response in the early phase of Lyme borreliosis is very similar to the one of healthy population.", "2089274": "Thymopoietin, a polypeptide isolated from thymus and involved in immune regulation, potently inhibited [125I]alpha-bungarotoxin binding in both pheochromocytoma (PC12) cells in culture (IC50 of 3.9 nM) and in PC12 cell membranes (IC50 of 2.2 nM). The degree of inhibition produced by thymopoietin was similar to that observed with alpha-bungarotoxin; in contrast, nicotinic receptor ligands affected alpha-bungarotoxin binding only at micromolar concentrations, in agreement with previous work. Binding of thymopoietin was reversible. Studies with PC12 cell membranes suggested that the interaction between alpha-bungarotoxin and thymopoietin at the receptor was competitive. The effect of thymopoietin was subsequently assessed on various morphological characteristics of PC12 cells in culture. Exposure of the cells to the polypeptide resulted in neurite extension, which was evident as early as 1-2 days in culture and was maximal after 4-6 days; this response was observed with concentrations of thymopoietin as low as 10(-8) M. Nerve growth factor also induced neurite extension in PC12 cells; however, the effects of nerve growth factor were qualitatively and quantitatively distinct from those which occurred with thymopoietin. Moreover, a monoclonal antibody to nerve growth factor completely prevented the nerve growth factor-induced process formation without affecting the thymopoietin-induced response. On the other hand, alpha-bungarotoxin resulted in the formation of processes which appeared morphologically similar to those induced by thymopoietin, although alpha-bungarotoxin appeared less potent than the thymic polypeptide. The effect of thymopoietin appeared to be specific; thysplenin, a polypeptide with approximately 80% homology with thymopoietin, did not elicit process formation. The thymopoietin-induced effect was reversed upon removal of the polypeptide from the culture medium. These results show that thymopoietin, a polypeptide endogenous to mammalian systems, potently interacted at the alpha-bungarotoxin site in a neuronal cell line. Furthermore, thymopoietin could elicit process formation in PC12 cells, suggesting that it may be a neuronotrophic factor.", "27173188": "Dysregulation of miRNAs is associated with cancer development and progression. For example, aberrant expression of miR-874 has been found in some types of cancer. However, miR-874 expression and its clinical significance in colorectal cancer (CRC) have not yet been explored. The aim of the current study was to explore the effects of miR-874 in CRC tumorigenesis and development. Quantitative reverse-transcription PCR was performed to evaluate miR-874 levels in CRC cell lines and in 135 pairs of primary human CRC specimens and adjacent noncancerous tissues. The association of miR-874 expression with clinicopathological factors and prognosis was also analyzed. Furthermore, the effects of miR-874 on the biological behavior of CRC cells in vitro were investigated. Our results revealed that miR-874 expression was significantly downregulated in CRC cancer tissues and cell lines. Decreased miR-874 expression was significantly associated with larger tumor size, deeper invasion depth, and advanced TNM stage in vivo. Additionally, low miR-874 expression in CRC was an independent predictor of poor survival. Moreover, overexpression of miR-874 inhibited cell proliferation, invasion, and migration, and promoted cell apoptosis of the SW620 CRC cell line in vitro. Taken together, these findings indicate that miR-874 may act as a tumor suppressor in CRC, and may serve as a novel therapeutic target for miR-based therapy.", "24101190": "Survivin has been widely reported to play a role in diagnosis and prognosis of bladder cancer patients. However, published data on this subject are heterogeneous. Here, we conducted a meta-analysis to obtain a complete evaluation of the association between survivin and recurrence-free survival (RFS), disease-specific survival (DSS), overall survival (OS), and odds ratio (OR) in bladder cancer patients. Published studies on this subject were selected for further assessment by online articles in PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and OVID databases. Pooled hazard ratios (HR) with 95 % confidence interval (95 % CI) were estimated. Funnel plots were used to evaluate the publication bias. As well, heterogeneity and sensitivity were analyzed. In this meta-analysis, we included 13 studies with the total number of 1,963 patients. Positive survivin expression in bladder cancer was associated with a poor RFS (HR, 1.831; 95 % CI, 1.344-2.49), DSS (HR, 1.721; 95 % CI, 1.477-2.004), or OS (HR, 1.753; 95 % CI, 1.092-2.816) in patients. In addition, a significant association between expression of survivin and age (OR, 0.641; 95 % CI, 0.416-0.987) as well as stage (OR, 0.37; 95 % CI, 0.190-0.750) was revealed. Heterogeneity was observed among the included studies with RFS (x (2)\u2009=29.58, p = 0.009, I (2)\u2009= 52.7 %), OS (x (2)\u2009= 15.67, p = 0.008, I (2)\u2009= 68.1 %), and stage (x (2)\u2009= 11.97, p = 0.035, I (2)\u2009= 58.2 %). There was no publication bias according to Begg's and Egger's tests except for studies with gender. Furthermore, sensitivity analysis obtained the source of heterogeneity and confirmed opposite results of some studies. This study suggests that expression of survivin indicates poor prognosis in older patients and muscle invasive or advanced stage in bladder cancer. Survivin expression could be used in identifying a subgroup of patients with potential to benefit from a targeted therapy against survivin.", "25903433": "The relationship between silent cerebral infarction (SCI) and the integrity of cognitive function is unknown. We intended to investigate whether cognitive impairment is associated with gray matter volume (GMV) in the SCI patients.", "19579217": "Grid computing has a great potential to become a standard cyber infrastructure for life sciences that often require high-performance computing and large data handling, which exceeds the computing capacity of a single institution. Grid computer applies the resources of many computers in a network to a single problem at the same time. It is useful to scientific problems that require a great number of computer processing cycles or access to a large amount of data.As biologists,we are constantly discovering millions of genes and genome features, which are assembled in a library and distributed on computers around the world.This means that new, innovative methods must be developed that exploit the re-sources available for extensive calculations - for example grid computing.This survey reviews the latest grid technologies from the viewpoints of computing grid, data grid and knowledge grid. Computing grid technologies have been matured enough to solve high-throughput real-world life scientific problems. Data grid technologies are strong candidates for realizing a \"resourceome\" for bioinformatics. Knowledge grids should be designed not only from sharing explicit knowledge on computers but also from community formulation for sharing tacit knowledge among a community. By extending the concept of grid from computing grid to knowledge grid, it is possible to make use of a grid as not only sharable computing resources, but also as time and place in which people work together, create knowledge, and share knowledge and experiences in a community.", "18358610": "Study the effect of ephedrine on neural plasticity of hypoxic ischemic brain damaged (HIBD) in neonatal rats, and explore the underlying molecular mechanism.", "18981223": "Estrogen exerts its diverse effects through two subtypes of estrogen receptors (ER), ERalpha and ERbeta. Each subtype has its own distinct function and expression pattern in its target tissues. Little, however, is known about the transcriptional regulatory mechanism of ERbeta in the major ERbeta-expressing tissues. Using biochemical methods, we identified and described a novel ERbeta coactivator. This protein, designated GIOT-4, was biochemically purified from 293F cells. It coactivated ERbeta in ovarian granulosa cells. GIOT-4 expression was induced by stimulation with follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). GIOT-4 recruited an SWI/SNF-type complex in a ligand-independent manner to ERbeta as an ER subtype-specific physical bridging factor and induced subsequent histone modifications in the ERbeta target gene promoters in a human ovarian granulosa cell line (KGN). Indeed, two ERbeta-specific target genes were upregulated by FSH at a specific stage of a normal ovulatory cycle in intact mice. These findings imply the presence of a novel regulatory convergence between the gonadotropin signaling cascade and ERbeta-mediated transcription in the ovary.", "20840810": "Bufalin, a component of the Chinese medicine chan'su, induces apoptosis in various human tumor cell lines. The aim of this study is to investigate the mechanism of anti-proliferation and the induction of apoptosis of Bufalin on non-small cell lung cancer cell.", "16154993": "Exposure of phagocytic cells to bacterial endotoxin (lipopolysaccharide; LPS) or inflammatory cytokines confers antiapoptotic survival signals; however, in the absence of the appropriate stimulus, monocytes are programmed to undergo apoptosis. Macrophage survival may thus influence inflammatory and immune responses and susceptibility to microbial pathogens. Herein, we demonstrate that LPS and the proinflammatory cytokine, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), enhance monocytic cell survival through the induction of the antiapoptotic c-IAP2 gene in a human promonocytic THP-1 cell line. We also investigated the role of upstream signaling molecules including the mitogen-activated protein kinases, phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, and the calcium signaling pathways in the regulation of c-IAP2 expression and eventual survival of monocytic cells. Our results suggest that LPS and TNF-alpha-induced c-IAP2 expression was regulated by calmodulin (CaM) through the activation of calmodulin-dependent protein kinase-II (CaMKII). In addition, CaM and CaMKII regulated c-IAP2 expression in LPSand TNF-alpha-stimulated cells through NF-kappaB activation. Moreover, the CaM/CaMKII pathway also regulated LPS- and TNF-alpha-mediated inhibition of apoptosis in these cells. Taken together, these results suggest that LPS- and TNF-alpha-induced c-IAP2 expression and its associated antiapoptotic survival signals in THP-1 cells are regulated selectively by CaM/CaMKII through NF-kappaB activation.", "20103540": "In this study, we evaluated the efficacy of celiac plexus block for the treatment of feeding intolerance in critically ill patients.", "2769271": "alpha-Bungarotoxin (alpha-BGT), a snake venom polypeptide, interacts potently and specifically with a nicotinic receptor population in neuronal tissue. However, the identity of this site is unclear, because, unlike at the neuromuscular junction and in electroplax, in nervous tissue the toxin does not block nicotinic cholinergic responses. Therefore, we sought endogenous compounds other than acetylcholine that could interact with the neuronal alpha-BGT site. In the present experiments, thymopoietin, a polypeptide isolated from the thymus, is shown to inhibit potently alpha-BGT binding to brain membranes in a dose-dependent manner (IC50 = 3.1 nM). This effect was not shared by a wide variety of other peptides, including thysplenin, a closely related polypeptide. Thymopoietin did not inhibit the binding of other radioligands known to interact with different populations of cholinergic receptors, such as [3H]nicotine and [3H]methylcarbachol, which bind to nicotinic receptors, or [3H]quinuclidinylbenzilate, which binds to muscarinic receptors. These results show that thymopoietin potently and specifically affects 125I-alpha-BGT binding to brain membranes and suggest that thymopoietin might be an endogenous ligand for alpha-BGT receptors in neuronal tissue.", "24985976": "The aim of this study was to screen target genes and gene functions of androgen receptor (AR) in LNCaP cell line by ChIP-seq data analysis. We downloaded the gene expression profile GSE14092 from Gene Expression Omnibus database and selected ChIP-seq data (GSM353644) of AR stimulated by androgen R1881 (R1881 stimulation group) and the ChIP-seq data (GSM353643) of AR without R1881 stimulation (control group). MACS peak calling software was used to identify the AR binding cites. After target genes selection and function analysis, motif finding analysis was utilized to predict the AR co-located transcription regulation factors, and we analyzed their functions through GO enrichment analysis. Total 27202 and 2730 AR binding sites were detected in the R1881 stimulation group and the control group, respectively and 398 and 58 target genes were identified in R1881 stimulation group and control group, respectively. Based on GO enrichment analysis, 20 biological processes which AR regulated in the LNCaP cells were enriched, including xenobiotic metabolic process, positive regulation of interleukin-2 production and cellular response to sterol etc. We finally identified 99 transcription factors with high motif enrichment significant levels, and the enrichment of AR co-located transcription factors was significantly enriched in the biological process of regulation of cell proliferation in which 13 transcription factors were involved (FOXJ1, FOXM1, NF1, SOX2, HOXD13, FOXO1, FOXP3, FOXO4, SOX9, PGR, DBP, JUN and TLX1). The analysis of AR target genes and gene functions help us to elucidate the mechanism of the prostate cancer on a molecular level. In addition, it will pave the way to effective therapies for prostatic cancer. However, further experiments are still needed to confirm our results.", "18694522": "The c-Myc and human telomerase reverse transcriptase gene (hTERT) gene are frequently deregulated and overexpressed in malignancy. hTERT activity is induced by c-Myc and strategies designed to inhibit c-Myc expression in cancer cells may have considerable therapeutic value. We designed and used a short hairpin RNA to inhibit c-Myc expression in Colo 320 cells and validated its effect on cell proliferation. In this study, four c-Myc-shRNA expression vectors were constructed and introduced into Colo 320 cells. The effects of c-Myc silencing on tumor cell growth was assessed by soft agar assay and DNA synthesis experiments. The expressions of c-Myc and hTERT were also assessed by real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analysis. Upon transient transfection with plasmid encoding shRNA, it was found that expression of c-Myc and hTERT decreased in shRNA-transfected cells. The downregulation of c-Myc and hTERT inhibited cell growth, shortened telomere lengths, and suppressed telomerase activity. In conclusion, our findings demonstrate that shRNA of c-Myc can inhibit the DNA replication in Colo 320 cells effectively and reduce telomere length and telomerase activity, therefore, it could be used as a new potential anticancer tool for therapy of human colon cancer.", "24101244": "Transformation of bacteria is an important step in molecular biology. Viral and non-virus-based gene delivery techniques, including chemical/biological and physical approaches, have been applied to bacterial, mammalian and plant cells. E. coli is not competent to take up DNA; hence, different methods are used to incorporate plasmid DNA. A novel method has been developed using glutathione-functionalized gold nanoparticles to mediate transformation of plasmid DNA (pUC19) into E. coli DH5\u03b1 that does not require the preparation of competent cells. The glutathione-functionalized gold nanoparticles acted as a vector and facilitated the entry of DNA into the host cell. The method also gave a higher transformation efficiency (4.2\u00a0\u00d7\u00a010(7)/\u03bcg DNA) compared to 2.3\u00a0\u00d7\u00a010(5)/\u03bcg DNA using the conventional CaCl2-mediated method. It was also non-toxic to the bacterium making it suitable for biotechnological applications. ", "26206590": "To determine the efficacy of first-generation epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs) in molecularly selected patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), we performed this pooled analysis.", "21070227": "Background.- Since the early 1990s, no study has been undertaken examining the prevalence and burden of headache disorders in China. Objective.- We conducted a one-year survey on the prevalence and burden of primary headache in the Chinese provinces of Guangdong and Guangxi. Our study also evaluated the factors behind similarities and differences affecting prevalence in the 2 regions of study. Methods.- Random samples of 372 local residents in Guangdong and 182 local residents in Guangxi aged 18-65 years were invited to a face-to-face interview. Results.- The one-year prevalence of primary headache was 22.6% (84/372) in Guangdong and 41.2% (75/182) in Guangxi. The prevalence of migraine (14.3%, n\u2003=\u200326) in Guangxi was higher than prevalence of migraine (8.3%, n\u2003=\u200331) in Guangdong (P\u2003=\u2003.03). The ratio of headache cost and household income was 2.1% in Guangdong and 3.7% in Guangxi, the ratio in Guangdong was less than that in Guangxi (P\u2003=\u2003.001). The diagnostic confirmation rate of migraine was low. No migraineur used triptans drugs to treat migraine in either region. Conclusion.- Migraine prevalence was higher in the lower-income region that also contains a higher proportion of ethnic minorities. Although there was no difference of headache cost between the 2 regions, the headache populations in the lower-income region would relatively suffer a greater financial burden if taking the economic differences between the 2 regions into account. The improvement of diagnostic and therapeutic levels for the treatment of headache, especially migraine, in the 2 regions may be a matter of urgency.", "24600980": "Haemolysis is usually caused by inadequate specimen collection or preanalytical handling and is suggested to be a suitable indicator of preanalytical quality. We investigated the prevalence of detectable haemolysis in all routine venous blood samples in OPDs and IPDs to identify differences in preanalytical quality.", "17023390": "While bivalent antibodies can block ligand-receptor interactions, IgM pentamers efficiently cross-link cell surface targets and evoke physiological responses. We have described one such interaction between an IgM antibody (Ab) and the B7-DC costimulatory molecule expressed by dendritic cells that induces strong antitumor immunity and modulates pathogenic responses associated with allergic asthma. Progressive changes in gene expression in dendritic cells activated by an IgM B7-DC cross-linking Ab resulted in the increased expression in 350 genes and decreased expression of more than 200 genes over the course of 24 h following Ab treatment. In particular, up-regulation of the caspase inhibitor FLIP and the chemokine receptor CCR7, and the down-regulation of the CXCR4 receptor provide a mechanistic basis of Ab-induced survival and enhanced migration into draining lymph nodes. Increased expression of both cell surface and secreted molecules known to be mediators of the immunomodulatory properties of dendritic cells was detected at both the levels of RNA and protein expression. This analysis documents the ability of IgM Ab to activate a gene expression cascade leading to important biological changes in cellular function and provides mechanistic insight into the potent immunomodulatory properties attributed to this Ab.", "22733225": "Tumors create a unique immunosuppressive microenvironment (tumor microenvironment, TME) whereby leukocytes are recruited into the tumor by various chemokines and growth factors. However, once in the TME, these cells lose the ability to promote anti-tumor immunity and begin to support tumor growth and down-regulate anti-tumor immune responses. Studies on tumor-associated leukocytes have mainly focused on cells isolated from tumor-draining lymph nodes or spleen due to the inherent difficulties in obtaining sufficient cell numbers and purity from the primary tumor. While identifying the mechanisms of cell activation and trafficking through the lymphatic system of tumor bearing mice is important and may give insight to the kinetics of immune responses to cancer, in our experience, many leukocytes, including dendritic cells (DCs), in tumor-draining lymph nodes have a different phenotype than those that infiltrate tumors. Furthermore, we have previously demonstrated that adoptively-transferred T cells isolated from the tumor-draining lymph nodes are not tolerized and are capable of responding to secondary stimulation in vitro unlike T cells isolated from the TME, which are tolerized and incapable of proliferation or cytokine production. Interestingly, we have shown that changing the tumor microenvironment, such as providing CD4(+) T helper cells via adoptive transfer, promotes CD8(+) T cells to maintain pro-inflammatory effector functions. The results from each of the previously mentioned studies demonstrate the importance of measuring cellular responses from TME-infiltrating immune cells as opposed to cells that remain in the periphery. To study the function of immune cells which infiltrate tumors using the Miltenyi Biotech isolation system, we have modified and optimized this antibody-based isolation procedure to obtain highly enriched populations of antigen presenting cells and tumor antigen-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes. The protocol includes a detailed dissection of murine prostate tissue from a spontaneous prostate tumor model (TRansgenic Adenocarcinoma of the Mouse Prostate -TRAMP) and a subcutaneous melanoma (B16) tumor model followed by subsequent purification of various leukocyte populations.", "11141566": "Most traditional cytotoxic anticancer agents ablate the rapidly dividing epithelium of the hair follicle and induce alopecia (hair loss). Inhibition of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (CDK2), a positive regulator of eukaryotic cell cycle progression, may represent a therapeutic strategy for prevention of chemotherapy-induced alopecia (CIA) by arresting the cell cycle and reducing the sensitivity of the epithelium to many cell cycle-active antitumor agents. Potent small-molecule inhibitors of CDK2 were developed using structure-based methods. Topical application of these compounds in a neonatal rat model of CIA reduced hair loss at the site of application in 33 to 50% of the animals. Thus, inhibition of CDK2 represents a potentially useful approach for the prevention of CIA in cancer patients.", "18080195": "Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) is also called recurrent polyserositis. The salient features of this disease include brief recurrent episodes of peritonitis, pleuritis, and arthritis, which are usually associated with fever. Colchicine is highly effective in the treatment of FMF and in preventing the development of recurrent attacks and amyloidosis, and it is essential to make the correct diagnosis and institute daily therapy with colchicine (0.5-0.6 mg bid). Colchicine is used to treat a variety of conditions but it is known to have gastrointestinal (GI) side effects. In this study, effects of colchicines on the gastrointestinal tract were evaluated in patients with FMF treated with colchicine.", "23216584": "To evaluate the effects of an olmesartan/amlodipine single pill combination compared with olmesartan or amlodipine monotherapies on blood pressure control, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity and some adipocytokines levels.", "25313740": "The diagnosis of malignant and potentially malignant epithelial lesions of oral mucosa cannot be based solely on clinical findings. The histologic evaluation of a representative biopsy specimen thus becomes necessary. The site for biopsy, however, is always a subjective choice that sometimes raises doubts about its representativeness. So far, no simple and reliable method is available for the selection of the most appropriate area for biopsy. Colposcopy is helpful in the selection of these sites of epithelial dysplasia depending upon the vascular patterns.", "24445398": "The Department of Health has increased the emphasis on earlier detection of dementia among patients aged over 75 admitted to hospital in an emergency in England. Introduction of a Commissioning for Quality and Innovation (CQUIN) payment provides an incentive for NHS Trusts to screen patients for memory problems on admission. This article reports on how improvements were made to the screening process across three wards in a large university teaching hospital.", "26411479": "In this research, poly (ethylene glycol)-poly (ethylene glycol) grafted flower-like cupric oxidenano particles (PEG-PEG-g-CuO NPs) as a novel fiber coating of solid-phase microextraction (SPME) were synthesized by using sol-gel technology. This fiber was successfully applied to extract and determine the ultra-trace levels of benzene, toluene, ethyl benzene and o-xylene in human hair using head space-solid-phase microextraction (HS-SPME) coupled to gas chromatography-flame ionization detector. Characterization and chemical composition of the nano particle was performed by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR), energy dispersion spectroscopy (EDS) and back scatter analysis (BSA). These methods confirmed the successful fabrication of PEG-g-CuO NPs. The surface morphology of the fibers were inspected by scanning electron microscopy. The scanning electron microscopy (SEM) revealed many \"crack-like\" features and highly porous structure on the surface of fiber. The synthesized nanocomposites were used for preconcentration and extraction of benzene, toluene, ethyl benzene and o-xylene (BTEX). The effects of operating parameters such as: desorption temperature and time, extraction temperature, extraction time, stirring speed and salt effect were investigated and optimized. Under the optimal conditions, the method detection limits and the limits of quantification were between 0.00025-50.00000pgmL(-1) and 0.00200-200.00000pgmL(-1), respectively. Linearity was observed over a range 0.00200-200000.00000pgmL(-1). The relative standard deviations for one fiber (repeatability; n=5) were obtained from 3.30 up to 5.01% and between fibers or batch to batch (n=3; reproducibility) in the range of 3.63-6.21%. The developed method was successfully applied to simultaneous determination of BTEX in human hairs, tap water and distillate water. ", "14512211": "Preclinical studies showed that early stress results in long-term alterations in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. We performed a comprehensive assessment of the HPA axis in women with and without a history of early childhood sexual abuse and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD).", "24683000": "In an attempt to develop potent anticancer agents, a series of 2-anilinonicotinyl-linked acrylamide conjugates were designed, synthesized, and evaluated for cytotoxic activity against various human cancer cell lines, anti-tubulin activity and cell-cycle effects. Among the series, compounds 6\u2009d [(E)-N-(6-fluorobenzo[d]thiazol-2-yl)-3-(2-((3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)amino)pyridin-3-yl)acrylamide] and 6\u2009p [(E)-3-(2-((4-methoxyphenyl)amino)pyridin-3-yl)-N-(6-nitrobenzo[d]thiazol-2-yl)acrylamide] showed promising cytotoxicity, specifically against the A549 human lung adenocarcinoma epithelial cell line, with GI50 values of 0.6\u00b10.23 and 1.8\u00b10.22\u2005\u03bcM, respectively. Furthermore, cell-cycle perturbation studies by flow cytometry analysis indicated drastic cell-cycle effects in the G2 /M phase in this cell line followed by caspase-3 activation and apoptotic cell death. Molecular docking studies of the most potent compound, 6\u2009d, revealed that this compound interacts with and binds efficiently in the active site of tubulin. ", "22476205": "The Rheumatoid Arthritis Quality of Life (RAQoL) questionnaire is the first needs-based instrument specifically designed to measure quality of life (QoL) of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). The aims of our study were to develop an Argentinean version of the RAQoL and to determine its reproducibility, validity, and sensitivity to change in patients with RA. Translation process was performed according to internationally accepted methodology. Internal consistency and test-retest reliability were calculated. Criterion and construct validity were assessed by comparing the RAQoL with parameters of disease activity, the Health Assessment Questionnaire (HAQ), and the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item health survey (SF-36) questionnaire. Sensitivity to change was measured at 6-12 months using standardized response mean (SRM). The minimal important change was defined as a change of 1 or 1.96 times the standard error of measurement. A total of 97 patients with RA were included. Cronbach's \u03b1 was 0.93, and test-retest reliability was 0.95. The RAQoL showed moderate to strong correlation with parameters of disease activity, the HAQ, and the SF-36. Functional status was the main determinant of patients' level of QoL. The SRM of the RAQoL was 0.24. Agreement between 20 % improvement in RAQoL and ACR20 response was moderate. Minimal important change was 2.2 (1 SEM) or 4.3 (1.96 SEM). The Argentinean version of the RAQoL is the first Spanish translation of this questionnaire. Our findings show it to be valid, reliable, and sensitive to changes in RA clinical status.", "16368125": "Chimpanzee is a unique animal model for HCV infection, in which about 50% of infections resolve spontaneously. It has been reported that the magnitude of T cell responses to HCV core in recovered chimpanzees is greater than that in chronically infected ones. However, the mechanism(s) by which the chimpanzees with resolved infection overcome core-mediated immunosuppression remains unknown. In this study, we examined the effect of HCV core on T cell responsiveness in chimpanzees with resolved and chronic HCV infection. We found that core protein strongly inhibited T cell activation and proliferation in chimpanzees with chronic infection, while this inhibition was limited in chimpanzees with resolved infection. Notably, the level of gC1qR, as well as the binding of core protein, on the surface of T cells was lower in recovered chimpanzees when compared to chimpanzees with chronic HCV infection. Intriguingly, the observed differences in gC1qR expression levels and susceptibility to core-induced suppression amongst HCV-chronically infected and recovered chimpanzees were observed prior to HCV challenge, suggesting a possible genetic determination of the outcome of infection. These findings suggest that gC1qR expression on the surface of T cells is crucial for HCV core-mediated T cell suppression and viral clearance, and that represents a novel mechanism by which a virus usurps host machinery for persistence.", "19399172": "The human IgM B7-DC XAb protects mice from tumors in both therapeutic and prophylactic settings. Its mechanism of action is mediated by its binding to B7-DC/PD-L2 molecules on the surface of dendritic cells (DCs) to induce a multimolecular cap and subsequent activation of signaling cascades that determine a unique combination of DC phenotypes. One such phenotype, the B7-DC XAb-induced antigen accumulation in mTLR-matured DCs, has been linked to signaling through TREM-2, but the signals required for other DC phenotypes critical for the therapeutic effects in animal models remain unclear. Here, FRET and co-immunoprecipitation studies show that CD40 is recruited to the multi-molecular complex by B7-DC XAb. Signals emanating from CD40 are important, as CD40(-/-) DCs treated with B7-DC XAb (DC(XAb)) activated DAP12, but failed to activate NFkappaB, and were not protected from cell death upon cytokine withdrawal or treatment with Vitamin D(3). CD40(-/-) DC(XAb) also failed to secrete IL-6 and were unable to support the conversion of T regulatory cells into IL-17+ effector T cells in vitro. Importantly, the expression of CD40 was required for the overall ability of B7-DC XAb to induce anti-tumor CTL, to provide protection from a number of tumor types, and for DC(XAb) to be effective anti-tumor vaccines in vivo. These results indicate that B7-DC XAb modulation of DC phenotypes is through its ability to indirectly recruit common signaling molecules and elements of their endogenous signaling pathways through targeted binding to a cell-specific surface determinant.", "27902473": "This study evaluated rituximab-conjugated, doxorubicin-loaded microbubbles (RDMs) in combination with ultrasound as molecular imaging agents for early diagnosis of B cell lymphomas, and as a targeted drug delivery system. Rituximab, a monoclonal CD20 antibody, was attached to the surfaces of doxorubicin-loaded microbubbles. RDM binding to B cell lymphoma cells was assessed using immunofluorescence. The cytotoxic effects of RDMs in combination with ultrasound (RDMs+US) were evaluated in vitro in CD20+ and CD20- cell lines, and its antitumor activities were assessed in Raji (CD20+) and Jurkat (CD20-) lymphoma cell-grafted mice. RDMs specifically bound to CD20+ cells in vitro and in vivo. Contrast enhancement was monitored in vivo via ultrasound. RDM peak intensities and contrast enhancement durations were higher in Raji than in Jurkat cell-grafted mice (P<0.05). RDMs+US treatment resulted in improved antitumor effects and reduced systemic toxicity in Raji cell-grafted mice compared with other treatments (P<0.05). Our results showed that RDMs+US enhanced tumor targeting, reduced systemic toxicity, and inhibited CD20+ B cell lymphoma growth in vivo. Targeted RDMs could be employed as ultrasound molecular imaging agents for early diagnosis, and are an effective targeted drug delivery system in combination with ultrasound for CD20+ B cell malignancy treatment.", "17097229": "The present paper outlines novel, simple and sensitive method for the determination of palladium by flame atomic absorption spectrometry (FAAS) after separation and preconcentration by cloud point extraction (CPE). The cloud point methodology was successfully applied for palladium determination by using new reagent 4-(2-naphthalenyl)thiozol-2yl azo chromotropic acid (NTACA) and hydrophobic ligand Triton X-114 as chelating agent and nonionic surfactant respectively in the water samples and alloys. The following parameters such as pH, concentration of the reagent and Triton X-114, equilibrating temperature and centrifuging time were evaluated and optimized to enhance the sensitivity and extraction efficiency of the proposed method. The preconcentration factor was found to be (50-fold) for 250 ml of water sample. Under optimum condition the detection limit was found as 0.067 ngml(-1) for palladium in various environmental matrices. The present method was applied for the determination of palladium in various water samples, alloys and the result shows good agreement with reported method and the recoveries are in the range of 96.7-99.4%.", "19776015": "Changes in the environment of a cell precipitate extracellular signals and sequential cascades of protein modification and elicit nuclear transcriptional responses. However, the functional links between intracellular signaling-dependent gene regulation and epigenetic regulation by chromatin-modifying proteins within the nucleus are largely unknown. Here, we describe novel epigenetic regulation by MAPK cascades that modulate formation of an ATP-dependent chromatin remodeling complex, WINAC (WSTF Including Nucleosome Assembly Complex), an SWI/SNF-type complex containing Williams syndrome transcription factor (WSTF). WSTF, a specific component of two chromatin remodeling complexes (SWI/SNF-type WINAC and ISWI-type WICH), was phosphorylated by the stimulation of MAPK cascades in vitro and in vivo. Ser-158 residue in the WAC (WSTF/Acf1/cbpq46) domain, located close to the N terminus of WSTF, was identified as a major phosphorylation target. Using biochemical analysis of a WSTF mutant (WSTF-S158A) stably expressing cell line, the phosphorylation of this residue (Ser-158) was found to be essential for maintaining the association between WSTF and core BAF complex components, thereby maintaining the ATPase activity of WINAC. WINAC-dependent transcriptional regulation of vitamin D receptor was consequently impaired by this WSTF mutation, but the recovery from DNA damage mediated by WICH was not impaired. Our results suggest that WSTF serves as a nuclear sensor of the extracellular signals to fine-tune the chromatin remodeling activity of WINAC. WINAC mediates a previously unknown MAPK-dependent step in epigenetic regulation, and this MAPK-dependent switching mechanism between the two functionally distinct WSTF-containing complexes might underlie the diverse functions of WSTF in various nuclear events.", "18604561": "Food supplementation experiments have provided considerable information about the importance of resource availability in timing reproduction. Supplemented birds usually advance breeding over non-supplemented controls. Initial observations suggested that degree of advancement in studies conducted at higher latitudes was less than in those at lower latitudes. We hypothesized that birds at high latitudes are less responsive to the \"supplementary\" cue of food. We tested this hypothesis using a literature-based meta-analysis of 36 papers which, because several papers presented separate data sets from different years, yielded 56 \"studies.\" We used step-wise regression to determine whether latitude, elevation, the duration of supplementation, and the migratory status of the species predicted the degree to which mean clutch initiation dates of food supplemented birds differed from non-supplemented controls (i.e., effect size = X(ent -- X(suppl)). Consistent with our predictions, there was a significant inverse relationship between effect size and latitude: elevation, migratory status, and duration of treatment contributed little to the model. Because the response of animals' reproductive systems to environmental information is mediated by the neuroendocrine system, we discuss two models: (1) the adaptive specialization hypothesis in which higher latitude species that experience a relatively short breeding season have evolved a reliance on photic cues while exhibiting reduced sensitivity to non-photic cues; and (2) the conditional plasticity hypothesis in which an individual might show a marked response to non-photic information if it lived at low latitudes, but be largely driven by photic cues, endogenous rhythms, or both to the relative exclusion of non-photic information if it lived at higher latitudes.", "25895459": "Increasing evidence has suggested that dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) could contribute to tumor progression. The miR-34 family is directly transactivated by tumor suppressor p53 which is frequently mutated in various cancers; however, the effect of miR-34a on the ovarian cancer cells remains unclear. The aim of the paper was to study the expression of miR-34a in ovarian cancer and miR-34a's relation to the cell proliferation and metastasis in ovarian cancer in vitro. miR-34a expression was determined by quantitative RT-PCR in a panel of 60 human ovarian cancer samples. Functional characterization of miR-34a was accomplished by reconstitution of miR-34a expression in ovarian cancer cells by determining changes in proliferation, migration, and invasion. Our results showed that miR-34a is downregulated in ovarian cancer tissues compared with the corresponding adjacent non-neoplastic tissues, and the expression level of miR-34a was significantly lower in ovarian cancer cell lines in comparison with normal human fallopian tube epithelial cell line. The 3-(4,5)-dimethylthiahiazo(-z-y1)-3,5-diphenytetrazoliumromide (MTT) assay revealed significant cell proliferation inhibition in miR-34a transfectant compared with the control from HO8910 and SKOV3 cells, which displayed lowest expressions of miR-34a. Furthermore, the transwell assay also showed significant cell migration inhibition in miR-34a transfectant, compared with cell lines transfected with NC. Overexpression of miR-34a led to the inhibition of AXL expression, indicating that AXL is a target gene for miR-34a. Our data suggest that miR-34a may function as a tumor suppressor through repression of oncogenic AXL in ovarian cancer.", "22484401": "High mobility group box l (HMGB1), a nuclear and extracellular protein, is implicated in some physiologic and pathologic conditions. In this study, we investigated the expression and function of HMGB1 in ovarian cancer.", "23274035": "During a 10-year period, 41 patients underwent surgery for resection of large or giant petroclival meningiomas. Gross total resection (GTR) was accomplished in 25 patients (61.0%), subtotal resection (STR) in 15 patients (36.6%), and partial resection in one patient (2.4%). Postoperative complications were observed in 27 patients (65.9%). Postoperative radiosurgery was administered in six patients who had residual tumors. Survival and postoperative quality of life are the goals of successful surgery on large or giant petroclival meningiomas, and the strategic surgical approach is based on the tumor location, the direction of growth, the invasion of adjacent structures, patient age and neurosurgeon expertise. Selectively pursuing STR with radiotherapy rather than GTR is a reasonable strategy.", "11665979": "Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) is a proinflammatory cytokine involved in the pathogenesis of Sj\u00f6gren's syndrome (SS), and blockade of TNFalpha may reduce the activity of the disease. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of infliximab, a chimeric human-mouse anti-TNFalpha monoclonal antibody, in patients with active primary SS.", "15934020": "Bioassay-guided fractionation has led to the isolation of two triterpenoid saponins 3-O-[O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1 --> 3)-O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl] oleanolic acid (1), and 3-O-[O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1 --> 2)-O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl] oleanolic acid (2) from the whole plants of Viola ibukiana Makino. Compound 2 showed matrix metalloproteinase-1 expression inhibition activities in a dose-dependent manner.", "23970374": "The critical function of microRNAs in the pathogenesis and prognosis of hematopoietic cancer has become increasingly apparent. However, only a few miRNAs have been reported to be altered in acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL).", "10666572": "Thermus aquaticus DNA polymerase I consists of the polymerase, the structure-specific nuclease and the vestigial editing nuclease domains. Three-dimensional structures of the native enzyme and its complex with DNA have already been reported. The structure of a complex with an inhibitory antibody has also been determined. The structure of the native enzyme in a different crystal form determined at 2.6 A is reported here. Optimized anomalous diffraction measurements made at the holmium L(III) edge were valuable in validating solutions obtained through molecular replacement. The structure of the polymerase domain is similar to those reported previously, while the relative orientation of the structure-specific nuclease domain is significantly different from those of the native enzyme and the DNA complex; it is, however, identical to that observed in the structure of the Fab complex. In the structures of the native enzyme and of the DNA complex reported previously, the active site of the structure-specific nuclease domain is too far from that of the polymerase domain, making it difficult to propose a structural model for the in vivo primer-excision and nick-translation activities of the enzyme. In the present structure, the two active sites are considerably closer. Taken together, the reported structure of the native enzyme, that of the Fab complex and the present structure imply that the different orientation of the structure-specific nuclease domain is probably a consequence of intrinsically high relative mobility between these two domains in this enzyme.", "22143567": "Lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1/AOF2/KDM1A), the first enzyme with specific lysine demethylase activity to be described, demethylates histone and non-histone proteins and is essential for mouse embryogenesis. LSD1 interacts with numerous proteins through several different domains, most notably the tower domain, an extended helical structure that protrudes from the core of the protein. While there is evidence that LSD1-interacting proteins regulate the activity and specificity of LSD1, the significance and roles of such interactions in developmental processes remain largely unknown. Here we describe a hypomorphic LSD1 allele that contains two point mutations in the tower domain, resulting in a protein with reduced interaction with known binding partners and decreased enzymatic activity. Mice homozygous for this allele die perinatally due to heart defects, with the majority of animals suffering from ventricular septal defects. Transcriptional profiling revealed altered expression of a limited subset of genes in the hearts. This includes an increase in calmodulin kinase (CK) 2\u03b2, the regulatory subunit of the CK2 kinase, which correlates with E-cadherin hyperphosphorylation. These results identify a previously unknown role for LSD1 in heart development, perhaps partly through the control of E-cadherin phosphorylation.Cell Research advance online publication 6 December 2011; doi:10.1038/cr.2011.194.", "19276379": "Vaccine strategies for cancer immunotherapy have focused on peptide ligands with high affinity for MHC class I. Largely, these vaccines have not been therapeutic. We have examined the peptide specificity of a strongly protective T-cell response that eradicates established B16 melanoma and find that the recognized epitope is generated by a low-affinity MHC class I ligand from tyrosinase-related protein 1 (TRP1). Cytotoxic T-cell responses are induced against TRP1(222-229) by several vaccination schemes using a Toll-like receptor agonist, T regulatory cell depletion, or the immune modulator B7-DCXAb to drive immunity. TRP1(222) CTL are generated from multiple antigen sources, including antigens expressed by tumors growing in situ, tumor cell lysates, and peptide vaccines. The key finding in this study is that protection from freshly implanted or established B16 tumors is primarily mediated by TRP1(222)-specific CTL and not by CTL specific for more traditional melanoma antigens such as TRP2 or gp100. This finding challenges the assumption that the optimal peptide antigens for cancer vaccines are high-affinity MHC ligands. We propose that when administered appropriately, native low-affinity MHC ligands are optimal inducers of immunotherapeutic CTL.", "24592997": "Many existing studies have demonstrated that the macrophage inhibitory cytokine-1 (MIC-1) might be a powerful diagnostic biomarker in patients with pancreatic cancer; but individually published results are inconclusive. This meta-analysis aimed to derive a more precise estimation of the diagnostic performance of serum MIC-1 in pancreatic cancer. We searched CISCOM, CINAHL, Web of Science, PubMed, Google Scholar, EBSCO, Cochrane Library, China BioMedicine (CBM), and China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) databases from their inception through August 1st, 2013. Meta-analysis was performed using Meta-Disc version 1.4 and STATA version 12.0 software. Crude standardized mean difference (SMD) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated. Data from selected studies were pooled to yield summary sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative likelihood ratio (LR), diagnostic odds ratio (DOR), and receiver operating characteristic (SROC) curve. Ten case-control studies were included in this meta-analysis with a total of 1235 pancreatic cancer patients and 730 healthy subjects. Our meta-analysis results revealed that serum MIC-1 levels in pancreatic patients were higher than those of healthy subjects (SMD=1.38, 95% CI=1.15-1.62, p<0.001). The area under the SROC curve was 0.92 (SE=0.020); the pooled sensitivity was 0.79 (95% CI=0.77-0.82); and the pooled specificity was 0.86 (95% CI=0.84-0.88). The pooled positive LR was 6.20 (95% CI=1.24-30.91); the pooled DOR was 35.73 (95% CI=18.52-68.93). In conclusion, the present meta-analysis suggests that serum MIC-1 may be a useful diagnostic biomarker with high sensitivity and specificity for identifying pancreatic cancer.", "27681397": "The interrelationship of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and dental caries, as well as Salivary IgA (S-IgA) level, appear to remain underexplored while a manual and electronic search of the literature was made. Hence, this study was undertaken to assess the relationship of S-IgA and dental caries status in HIV +ve children.", "20824697": "Oxaliplatin (OxP) has been used in combination therapy with gemcitabine for the treatment of pancreatic cancer (PC), but the beneficial effect was marginal, which is believed to be due to de novo and acquired drug resistance of PC. Here, we report our in vitro and in vivo preclinical evidence in support of chemosensitization of drug-resistant cells by a nontoxic chemopreventive agent (genistein). Genistein pretreatment together with low concentration of OxP showed significant reduction in cell viability and colony formation concomitant with increased apoptosis (p < 0.01), which was highly synergistic. Drug resistance of PC is allegedly linked with both constitutive and OxP-induced activation of NF-\u03baB, and we found that inactivation of (nuclear factor kappa B) NF-\u03baB by genistein before treatment of cells with OxP was required for cell killing, which was consistent with the downregulation of NF-\u03baB and its downstream antiapoptotic genes (Bcl-2, XIAPs and survivin). Most importantly, our in vivo experiments using orthotopic mouse model showed significant reduction in tumor size (p < 0.01) and reduction of locoregional lymph node metastasis by combination treatment. These results were also consistent with inactivation of NF-\u03baB and the downregulation of NF-\u03baB downstream genes, decreased proliferation marker (Ki-67) and increased apoptosis (TUNEL) in tumor remnants, all of which was consistent with in vitro findings. From these results, we conclude that genistein sensitizes drug-resistant PC to OxP, which is mechanistically linked with inactivation of NF-\u03baB signaling, resulting in greater antitumor effects, and thus our data suggest that this approach could be useful in improving the treatment outcome for patients diagnosed with PC.", "10648342": "In a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial, we evaluated the efficacy of ramosetron at three different doses (0.15, 0.3, and 0.6 mg) for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after gynecological surgery. One hundred twenty women, ASA physical status I or II, aged 21-63 yr, received IV either placebo or ramosetron 0.15, 0.3, or 0.6 mg (n = 30 of each) at the completion of surgery. A standard general anesthetic technique and postoperative analgesia were used. A complete response, defined as no PONV and no need for another rescue antiemetic, during 0-3 h after anesthesia occurred in 40%, 47%, 87%, and 90% of patients who had received placebo and ramosetron 0.15, 0.3, and 0.6 mg, respectively. Corresponding results during 3-24 h after anesthesia were 43%, 50%, 87%, and 90%, and 24-48 h after anesthesia were 50%, 53%, 90%, and 93% (P < 0.05). Patients who had received ramosetron 0.3 or 0.6 mg were satisfied compared with those who had received placebo (P < 0.05). There were no serious clinical adverse events caused by the study drug in any of the groups. In conclusion, ramosetron 0.3 mg is an effective antiemetic for preventing PONV during 0-48 h after anesthesia in female patients undergoing gynecological surgery. Increasing the dose to 0.6 mg provided no further benefit.", "20112019": "Use of the Rives-Stoppa procedure for ventral incisional hernia repair (RS-VIHR), in which the prosthesis is placed between the rectus abdominis muscle and the posterior sheath, has diminished reherniation markedly and is the most promising open technique.", "26673826": "The purpose of this work was to study the safety of photobiomodulation therapy in patients with primary open angle glaucoma (POAG).", "24732323": "Diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT) activity is an essential enzymatic step in the formation of neutral lipid i.e., triacylglycerol in all living cells capable of accumulating storage lipid. Previously, we characterized an oleaginous yeast Candida tropicalis SY005 that yields storage lipid up to 58% under a specific nitrogen-stress condition, when the DGAT-specific transcript is drastically up-regulated. Here we report the identification, differential expression and function of two DGAT2 gene homologues--CtDGAT2a and CtDGAT2b of this C. tropicalis. Two protein isoforms are unique with respect to the presence of five additional stretches of amino acids, besides possessing three highly conserved motifs known in other reported DGAT2 enzymes. Moreover, the CtDGAT2a and CtDGAT2b are characteristically different in amino acid sequences and predicted protein structures. The CtDGAT2b isozyme was found to be catalytically 12.5% more efficient than CtDGAT2a for triacylglycerol production in a heterologous yeast system i.e., Saccharomyces cerevisiae quadruple mutant strain H1246 that is inherently defective in neutral lipid biosynthesis. The CtDGAT2b activity rescued the growth of transformed S. cerevisiae mutant cells, which are usually non-viable in the medium containing free fatty acids by incorporating them into triacylglycerol, and displayed preferential specificity towards saturated acyl species as substrate. Furthermore, we document that the efficiency of triacylglycerol production by CtDGAT2b is differentially affected by deletion, insertion or replacement of amino acids in five regions exclusively present in two CtDGAT2 isozymes. Taken together, our study characterizes two structurally novel DGAT2 isozymes, which are accountable for the enhanced production of storage lipid enriched with saturated fatty acids inherently in C. tropicalis SY005 strain as well as in transformed S. cerevisiae neutral lipid-deficient mutant cells. These two genes certainly will be useful for further investigation on the novel structure-function relationship of DGAT repertoire, and also in metabolic engineering for the enhanced production of lipid feedstock in other organisms.", "23036582": "Pancreatic cancer is an aggressive malignant disease. Owing to the lack of early symptoms, accompanied by extensive metastasis and high resistance to chemotherapy, pancreatic adenocarcinoma becomes the fourth leading cause of cancer-related deaths. In this study, we identified a subpopulation of cells isolated from the Panc-1 cell line and named pancreatic cancer stem-like cells. These Panc-1 stem-like cells expressed high levels of CD133/CD44/Oct4/Nestin. Compared to Panc-1 cells, Panc-1 stem-like cells were resistant to gemcitabine and expressed high levels of MDR1; furthermore, Panc-1 stem-like cells have high anti-apoptotic, but weak proliferative potential. These results indicated that Panc-1 stem-like cells, as a novel group, may be a potential major cause of pancreatic cancer multidrug resistance and extensive metastasis.", "25395881": "Nutrition is a key factor in the treatment of patients with chronic kidney disease because kidney burden decrease causes uremic reduction and its side effects. The aim of this research is to examine the effect of diet education on blood pressure changes and interdialytic weight in Hemodialysis patients admitted to Hemodialysis ward of Hajar hospital in Shahrekord.", "7955120": "Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) is the most abundant adrenal steroid with apparent anticarcinogenic properties. Given our recent observation of the dehydro-epiandrosterone-mediated inhibition of protein isoprenylation and the fact that 99% of the circulating dehydro-epiandrosterone is sulfated, with less than 1% representing the free steroid, we investigated the effects of DHEAS on post-translational isoprenylation of proteins. We here report that exposure of HT-29 SF human colonic adenocarcinoma cells to DHEAS inhibited the incorporation of [3H]mevalonate into cellular proteins in a dose-dependent manner when endogenous mevalonate synthesis was blocked by lovastatin. Interestingly, significant inhibition was observed at concentrations of DHEAS which are comparable to peak serum levels of this steroid occurring in the second decade of life. Immunoprecipitation revealed that isoprenylation of p21ras was also suppressed in DHEAS-treated HT-29 SF cells. In a cell-free system, DHEAS inhibited the farnesylation of a biotinylated decapeptide corresponding to the C-terminus of K-ras by 50% at a concentration of 100 microM. This suggests that DHEAS inhibits isoprenylation of cellular proteins, including p21ras, at a point in the mevalonate pathway distal to 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase and that the DHEAS-mediated suppression of protein farnesylation may largely be due to inhibition at the level of protein farnesyltransferase. Thus, these findings may provide a plausible explanation for the antitumor activity of DHEAS.", "19661499": "A Gram-negative, non-spore forming endophytic bacterial strain YC6886T, was isolated from the root of a halophyte, Rosa rugosa, inhabiting coastal areas of Namhae island, located off southern end of Korea. The Cells were non-motile, obligately aerobic, and rod-shaped and formed colonies that were pale yellow in colour. The strain was able to grow at 4-32 degrees C (optimum at 25-28 degrees C) and at pH 6.5-9.5 (optimum at pH 7.5). It grew optimally in 2-3 % (w/v) NaCl, but NaCl was not an absolute requirement for growth. Strain YC6886T produced yellow carotenoid pigments. Comparison of 16S rRNA gene sequences showed that the strain was a member of the genus Haloferula, a member of phylum Verrucomicrobia, exhibiting highest similarity with Haloferula sargassicola MN1-1037T (97.4 %). Sequence similarities of the strain YC6886T to the other Haloferula type strains were 93.9-94.7 %. The DNA-DNA relatedness values of the strain YC6886T with H. sargassicola KCTC 22202T and H. rosea KCTC 22201T were 27 and 15 %, respectively. The predominant fatty acids were iso-C14:0, C16:0 and C16:1omega9c. The major respiratory quinone was menaquinone-9 and the DNA G+C content was 58.5 mol%. On the basis of phenotypic, chemotaxonomic, DNA-DNA hybridization data and phylogenetic analysis, strain YC6886T represents a novel species in the genus Haloferula, for which the name Haloferula rosicola sp. nov. is proposed. The type strain is YC6886T (= KCTC 22447T = DSM 21608T).", "16409294": "CCL20 is expected to play a crucial role in the initiation of immune responses and tumour growth. However, expression of CCL20 in Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-associated diseases has not been studied. We examined the contribution of EBV infection and EBV-encoded latent membrane protein (LMP)-1 to CCL20 expression. EBV infection and LMP-1 induced CCL20 mRNA expression in the EBV-negative Burkitt lymphoma (BL) cell lines and the embryonic kidney cell line. Histone deacetylase inhibitor-stimulated endogenous LMP-1 also induced CCL20 expression in an EBV-positive BL cell line. Analysis of the CCL20 promoter showed that it was activated by LMP-1 C-terminal activation region (CTAR)-1 and CTAR-2. Co-expression of IkappaB alpha, IkappaB beta, IkappaB kinase (IKK)alpha, IKKbeta, IKKgamma, nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB-inducing kinase and tumour necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 2 dominant-negative constructs with LMP-1 inhibited the activation of the CCL20 promoter by LMP-1, suggesting that LMP-1 induces CCL20 via NF-kappaB signalling. The requirement for the NF-kappaB-binding site in the CCL20 promoter in LMP-1 responsiveness was established. Our results indicate that activation of the NF-kappaB pathway by LMP-1 is required for the activation of CCL20 expression.", "16466641": "Pyridoxine-5-P oxidase catalyses the terminal step in the biosynthesis of pyridoxal-5-P, the biologically active form of vitamin B6 which acts as an essential cofactor. Here, a human brain pyridoxine-5-P oxidase gene was fused with a gene fragment encoding the HIV-1 Tat protein transduction domain (RKKRRQRRR) in a bacterial expression vector to produce a genetic in-frame Tat-pyridoxine-5-P oxidase fusion protein. Expressed and purified Tat-pyridoxine-5-P oxidase fusion protein transduced efficiently into PC12 cells in a time- and dose-dependent manner when added exogenously to culture media. Once inside the cells, the transduced Tat-pyridoxine-5-P oxidase protein showed catalytic activity and was stable for 48 h. Moreover, the formation of pyridoxal-5-P was increased by adding exogenous Tat-pyridoxine-5-P oxidase to media pre-treated with the vitamin B6 precursor pyridoxine. In addition, the intracellular concentration of pyridoxal-5-P was markedly increased when Tat-pyridoxal kinase was transduced together with Tat-pyridoxine-5-P oxidase into cells.These results suggest that the transduction of Tat-pyridoxine-5-P oxidase fusion protein presents a means of regulating the level of pyridoxal-5-P and of replenishing this enzyme in various neurological disorders related to vitamin B6.", "11346645": "A novel dual specificity phosphatase (DSP) designated LMW-DSP2 was cloned with a combination of reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and cDNA library screening strategies. The LMW-DSP2 open reading frame of 194 amino acids contained a single DSP catalytic domain but lacked the cdc25 homology domain, which is conserved in most known DSPs. Northern blot and reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction analyses revealed that LMW-DSP2 was specifically expressed in testis. Recombinant LMW-DSP2 protein exhibited phosphatase activity toward an artificial low molecular weight substrate para-nitrophenyl phosphate, and the activity was inhibited completely by sodium orthovanadate but not sodium fluoride, pyrophosphate, and okadaic acid. The substitution of critical amino acid residues, aspartic acid and cysteine, resulted in a dramatic reduction of phosphatase activity. Transient transfection of LMW-DSP2 in COS7 cells resulted in the expression of a 21-kDa protein, and the phosphatase was shown to be distributed in both the cytosol and the nucleus. LMW-DSP2 dephosphorylated and deactivated p38, to a higher extent, and stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK)/c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), but not extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 mitogen-activated protein kinases, in transfected COS7 cells and in vitro. Interestingly, mutation in a conserved docking motif of p38 and SAPK/JNK as well as in a cluster of aspartic acids of LMW-DSP2 did not affect the deactivation of the mitogen-activated protein kinases by LMW-DSP2. Furthermore, the binding between LMW-DSP2 and p38 and SAPK/JNK was also not disrupted by such mutations. Among the DSPs lacking the cdc25 homology domain, LMW-DSP2 is the first one that dephosphorylates and deactivates p38 and SAPK/JNK.", "25895660": "Human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT), a ribonucleoprotein, is reported as an important complex, which is required for stability of DNA molecular structure at the rear of the chromosome. Until now, hTERT has been linked to cell immortalization and tumorigenesis. A couple of articles have been published about the telomerase function in the gliomas; however, these results are conflicting in some degree. Thus, it is crucial to perform a meta-analysis to identify their real actions. We included eligible articles, and estimated odds ratios (ORs) with 95\u00a0% confidence intervals (95\u00a0% CIs). In our meta-analysis, all 15 eligible articles included 932 patients. Results from 10 studies on WHO grade showed that high hTERT gene or protein expression in glioma tissues was obviously related to high WHO grade (III\u2009+\u2009IV) (OR 2.45, 95\u00a0% CI 1.92-3.13; p\u2009=\u20090.000). What is more, hTERT expression was not associated with old age (OR 0.91, 95\u00a0% CI 0.72-1.16; p\u2009=\u20090.448) as well as gender (OR 1.06, 95\u00a0% CI 0.82-1.37; p\u2009=\u20090.664). Importantly, hTERT expression was significantly associated with 5-year overall survival (OS; n\u2009=\u20093; hazard ratio (HR) 2.25, 95\u00a0% CI 1.36-3.70; p\u2009=\u20090.002) of glioma patients. No heterogeneity was found in all studies. In conclusion, this meta-analysis suggests that hTERT is significantly associated with high glioma grade and poor 5-year overall survival, and pathological test of hTERT mRNA and protein in glioma tissues should be suggested as criteria of glioma grade in the clinical practice.", "23675629": "This is a replication of a study that we previously conducted in Colorado with 25 subjects designed to test the effect of electromagnetic radiation generated by the base station of a cordless phone on heart rate variability (HRV). In this study, we analyzed the response of 69 subjects between the ages of 26 and 80 in both Canada and the USA. Subjects were exposed to radiation for 3-min intervals generated by a 2.4-GHz cordless phone base station (3-8 \u03bcW/cm\u00b2). A few participants had a severe reaction to the radiation with an increase in heart rate and altered HRV indicative of an alarm response to stress. Based on the HRV analyses of the 69 subjects, 7% were classified as being \"moderately to very\" sensitive, 29% were \"little to moderately\" sensitive, 30% were \"not to little\" sensitive and 6% were \"unknown\". These results are not psychosomatic and are not due to electromagnetic interference. Twenty-five percent of the subjects' self-proclaimed sensitivity corresponded to that based on the HRV analysis, while 32% overestimated their sensitivity and 42% did not know whether or not they were electrically sensitive. Of the 39 participants who claimed to experience some electrical hypersensitivity, 36% claimed they also reacted to a cordless phone and experienced heart symptoms and, of these, 64% were classified as having some degree of electrohypersensitivity (EHS) based on their HRV response. Novel findings include documentation of a delayed response to radiation. Orthostatic HRV testing combined with provocation testing may provide a diagnostic tool for some sufferers of EHS when they are exposed to electromagnetic emitting devices. The protocol used underestimates reaction to electromagnetic radiation for those who have a delayed autonomic nervous system reaction and it may under diagnose those who have adrenal exhaustion as their ability to mount a response to a stressor is diminished.", "9241336": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) remains a troublesome problem. The study was performed to evaluate the antiemetic efficacy of prophylactic granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, on the incidence of PONV in patients undergoing general anaesthesia for breast surgery.", "12699092": "To evaluate the efficacy and safety of ramosetron (a 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist) for the prevention of nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy.", "15213307": "Methylselenocysteine (MSC) is an organic selenium compound in preventative clinical trials involving prostate, lung, and colon carcinoma. We found that methioninase-activated MSC potentiates 7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin (SN-38)-induced cell lethality in vitro in the p53-defective human head and neck carcinoma A253 cells. Activated MSC increases chk2 phosphorylation at threonine-68 induced by SN-38, with no significant effect on chk1 phosphorylation. Cell cycle arrest induced by SN-38, however, was not abrogated or potentiated by MSC. These results suggest that the enhanced cellular lethality of SN-38 by MSC was not associated with cell cycle regulation pathways. Because chk2, in addition to its role in cell cycle arrest, can induce apoptosis by phosphorylation/activation, we examined whether increased chk2 phosphorylation could induce preapoptotic DNA fragmentation. DNA damage analysis showed that megabase DNA fragmentation is decreased, accompanied by the increased 30 to 300 kilobase pairs of DNA fragmentation after exposure to SN-38 with MSC, compared with SN-38 alone. No significant changes in the amount of DNA fragments were observed in cells treated with SN-38 or MSC alone. Moreover, proteolytic destruction of DNA replication-associated proteins cdc6, MCM2, and cdc25A may induce a DNA damage checkpoint response. The observed down-regulation of DNA replication proteins cdc6, MCM2, and cdc25A after exposure to SN-38 with MSC further indicates a relationship between drug response and DNA damage. Exposure to SN-38 with MSC resulted in a significant increase of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerasecleavage and caspase 3 activation. All together, the data support the hypothesis that enhanced lethality of this combination is associated with increased chk2 phosphorylation at Thr68 and down-regulation of specific DNA replication-associated proteins, which result in poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase cleavage, caspase 3 activation, and the induction of 30 to 300 kilobase pairs of DNA fragmentation.", "15385341": "We assessed the influence of the prophylactic use of a combination of the IV beta-adrenergic blocker, esmolol, and the phosphodiesterase III inhibitor, enoximone, on postbypass hemodynamic status, inflammation, and endothelial and organ function in a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled study in 42 patients aged >65 yr undergoing aortocoronary bypass grafting. In 21 patients, esmolol (aim: heart rate <70 bpm) plus enoximone (initial bolus of 0.5 mg/kg followed by a continuous infusion of 2.5 microg x kg(-1) x min(-1)) was started after induction of anesthesia and continued until the morning of the first postoperative day; another 21 patients received saline solution as placebo. Hemodynamics, splanchnic perfusion (gastric-arterial CO(2) gap), liver function (glutathione transferase-alpha plasma levels), renal function (creatinine clearance, urine concentrations of N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase), myocardial ischemia (creatine-kinase MB and troponin T plasma levels), inflammation (elastase, interleukin-6 and -8 plasma levels), and endothelial integrity (adhesion molecules plasma levels) were assessed at baseline, before and after cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB), and in the intensive care unit until the first postoperative day. Catecholamine requirements were significantly less in the treated than in the nontreated patients. Heart rate was significantly slower, cardiac index was higher, and gastric-arterial CO(2) gap was significantly lower in the treatment group. Troponin T, beta-N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase, glutathione transferase-alpha, and soluble adhesion molecules increased significantly in the untreated control, but remained almost normal in the esmolol+enoximone patients. Inflammatory responses (elastase/interleukins) were attenuated by esmolol+enoximone. We conclude that, in comparison to an untreated control, the prophylactic use of a combination of esmolol and enoximone in elderly patients undergoing cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass resulted in overall beneficial effects on postbypass hemodynamic status, organ function, inflammatory response, and endothelial integrity.", "25412353": "Passive sampling devices were used to measure air vapor and water dissolved phase concentrations of 33 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and 22 oxygenated PAHs (OPAHs) at four Gulf of Mexico coastal sites prior to, during, and after shoreline oiling from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill (DWH). Measurements were taken at each site over a 13 month period, and flux across the water-air boundary was determined. This is the first report of vapor phase and flux of both PAHs and OPAHs during the DWH. Vapor phase sum PAH and OPAH concentrations ranged between 1 and 24 ng/m(3) and 0.3 and 27 ng/m(3), respectively. PAH and OPAH concentrations in air exhibited different spatial and temporal trends than in water, and air-water flux of 13 individual PAHs were strongly associated with the DWH incident. The largest PAH volatilizations occurred at the sites in Alabama and Mississippi in the summer, each nominally 10,000 ng/m(2)/day. Acenaphthene was the PAH with the highest observed volatilization rate of 6800 ng/m(2)/day in September 2010. This work represents additional evidence of the DWH incident contributing to air contamination, and provides one of the first quantitative air-water chemical flux determinations with passive sampling technology.", "16700886": "1. RNA interference (RNAi) is a robust method of post-transcriptional silencing of genes using double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) with sequence homology driven specificity. The dsRNA can be between 21 and 23 nucleotides long: this is converted to small interfering RNA (siRNA), which then mediates gene silencing by degradation/blocking of translation of the target mRNA. 2. RNA interference provides a simple, fast and cost-effective alternative to existing gene targeting approaches both in vitro and in vivo. The discovery of siRNAs that cause RNAi in mammalian cells opened the door to the therapeutic use of siRNAs. Highly intense research efforts are now aimed at developing siRNAs for therapeutic purposes. 3. Recent advances in the design and delivery of targeting molecules now allow efficient and highly specific gene silencing in mammalian systems. Synthetic siRNA libraries targeting thousands of mammalian genes are publicly available for high-throughput genetic screens for target discovery and validation. Recent studies have demonstrated the clinical potential of aptly designed siRNAs in various types of viral infections, cancer and renal and neurodegenerative disorders. 4. The present review provides insight into the novel therapeutic strategies of siRNA technology, which is the latest development in nucleic acid-based tools for knocking down gene expression, and its potential for silencing genes associated with various human diseases.", "21488394": "Chronic constitutional low blood pressure entity has been poorly studied. Typically, affects quality of life, because of manifold symptoms. Its mechanisms are not well understood but diminished cerebral blood flow, microcirculation and autonomic deregulation have been documented. Its' treatment is disappointing, without any demonstrated improvement of symptoms or prognosis. Thus, a complete medical examination is needed to exclude any organic cause. If none is found, it is important to reassure the patient and to convince him not to use expensive drugs potentially generative of side effects.", "25772818": "Previously, we reported on the crystal structures of the Fab fragments of two food and drug administration approved therapeutic antibodies, Infliximab and Adalimumab, in complex with TNF\u03b1. The structurally identified epitopes on TNF\u03b1 reveal the mechanism of TNF\u03b1 inhibition by partially overlapping with the TNF\u03b1-receptor interface. In this study, we launched a screen of a phage display library to isolate novel anti-TNF\u03b1 antibodies based on the adalimumab epitope. Structural analysis, the phage display antibody isolation technology, step-by-step antibody optimization, complementarity-determining region residues random mutagenesis, phage ELISA, binding affinity characterization, and cell signaling assays were used for the development and optimization of the novel anti-TNF\u03b1 antibodies. Moreover, one of the novel antibodies, hAta09, has a superior inhibitory effect on TNF\u03b1 function and signaling. Taken together, our report established that the novel anti-TNF\u03b1 antibody hAta09 may achieve clinical efficacy in a TNF\u03b1-associated disease. ", "17597212": "In mouse, genes encoding complement regulators CD55 and CD59 have been duplicated. The first described form of CD59, CD59a, is broadly distributed in mouse tissues, while the later identified CD59b was originally described as testis specific. Subsequent studies have been contradictory, some reporting widespread and abundant expression of CD59b. Resolution of the distribution patterns of the CD59 isoforms is important for interpretation of disease studies utilising CD59 knockout mice. Here we have performed a comprehensive distribution study of the CD59 isoforms at the mRNA and protein levels. These data confirm that expression of CD59b is essentially restricted to adult testis; trace expression in other tissues is a consequence of contamination with blood cells, shown previously to express CD59b at low level. In testis, onset of expression of CD59b coincided with puberty and was predominant on the spermatozoal acrosome. Ligation of CD59b, but not CD59a, markedly reduced spermatozoal motility, suggesting a specific role in reproductive function.", "15147813": "The objective of this study is to investigate feasibility of a non-viral gene carrier with repeated RGD sequences (Pronectin F+) in tumor targeting for gene expression. The Pronectin F+ was cationized by introducing spermine (Sm) to the hydroxyl groups to allow to polyionically complex with plasmid DNA. The cationized Pronectin F+ prepared was additionally modified with poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) molecules which have active ester and methoxy groups at the terminal, to form various PEG-introduced cationized Pronectin F+. The cationized Pronectin F+ with or without PEGylation at different extents was mixed with a plasmid DNA of LacZ to form respective cationized Pronectin F+-plasmid DNA complexes. The plasmid DNA was electrophoretically complexed with cationized Pronectin F+ and PEG-introduced cationized Pronectin F+, irrespective of the PEGylation extent, although the higher N/P ratio of complexes was needed for complexation with the latter Pronectin F+. The molecular size and zeta potential measurements revealed that the plasmid DNA was reduced in size to about 250 nm and the charge was changed to be positive by the complexation with cationized Pronectin F+. For the complexation with PEG-introduced cationized Pronectin F+, the charge of complex became neutral being almost 0 mV with the increasing PEGylation extents, while the molecular size was similar to that of cationized Pronectin F+. When cationized Pronectin F+-plasmid DNA complexes with or without PEGylation were intravenously injected to mice carrying a subcutaneous Meth-AR-1 fibrosarcoma mass, the PEG-introduced cationized Pronectin F+-plasmid DNA complex specifically enhanced the level of gene expression in the tumor, to a significantly high extent compared with the cationized Pronectin F+-plasmid DNA complexes and free plasmid DNA. The enhanced level of gene expression depended on the percentage of PEG introduced, the N/P ratio, and the plasmid DNA dose. A fluorescent microscopic study revealed that the localization of plasmid DNA in the tumor tissue was observed only for the PEG-introduced cationized Pronectin F+-plasmid DNA complex injected. We conclude that the PEGylation of cationized Pronectin F+ is a promising way to enable the plasmid DNA to target to the tumor for gene expression.", "11518764": "The scavenger receptor class B type I (SR-BI) binds to HDL and mediates the selective uptake of cholesterol esters from HDL to cells. SR-BII is an alternatively spliced product of the SR-BI gene that only differs in the C-terminal cytoplasmic domain. Previous studies with male mice demonstrated that SR-BII comprises about 12% of the total SR-BI/SR-BII present in liver. In the current studies we used a liver cell line, HepG2, and a rat estrogen replacement model to examine the effects of estrogen on the expression of SR-BII. HepG2 cells express SR-BI but not SR-BII. SR-BI/SR-BII - blocking antibodies demonstrated that HepG2 cells selectively internalize cholesterol esters in a SR-BI - dependent manner. Incubation of HepG2 cells with 10 pM of 17beta-estradiol for 12 h eliminated the expression of SR-BI and promoted the up-regulation of SR-BII. Radiolabeled HDL-binding studies demonstrated that 17beta-estradiol increased the number of HDL binding sites by 3-fold in HepG2 cells. However, 17beta-estradiol - treated cell internalized approximately 25% less cholesterol ester than vehicle-only-treated cells. The livers obtained from male rats and ovariectomized female rats contained SR-BI and a small amount of SR-BII. In contrast, the livers obtained from intact female rats and ovariectomized female rats receiving estrogen replacement contained SR-BII and a small amount of SR-BI. The amount of SR-BI and SR-BII in adrenal tissue was not affected by any of the experimental treatments. We conclude that estrogen up-regulates SR-BII in HepG2 cells and rat liver.", "21750577": "Primary hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is highly prevalent in China. Although hepatitis B virus (HBV) and aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) are considered the major risk factors, among the high-risk cohorts only a small fraction develops liver cancer. Therefore, we investigated if organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) exposure contributed to HCC risk in the Xiamen population. The questionnaire database was built from 346 HCC cases and 961 healthy controls during 2007-2009. The serum levels of \u03b1-, \u03b2-, \u03b3-, \u03b4-HCH, p, p'-DDT, p, p'-DDE, o, p'-DDT and p, p'-DDD were measured by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometer and statistical analysis was done using SPSS16. Significantly, we observed p, p'-DDT, p, p'-DDE, and at first time \u03b2-HCH displayed quartile dose-dependent HCC risk trends; p, p'-DDT showed positive (i.e., synergistic) interactions with HBV, diabetes mellitus, AFB1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure, but negative (i.e., antagonistic) interaction with heavy drinking; p, p'-DDE had positive interaction with PAH but negative interaction with HBV and p, p'-DDT; and \u03b2-HCH was positively interacted with p, p'-DDT but negatively interacted with heavy drinking and diabetes. p, p'-DDT, p, p'-DDE and \u03b2-HCH were independent HCC risk factors. Because of their synergistic interactions with other factors, the high level exposure combined with common AFB1 and HBV exposure in the investigated area may greatly enhance the risk of HCC.", "19309363": "The Epstein-Barr virus-encoded latent membrane protein 1 is considered the Epstein-Barr virus oncogene based on its importance in Epstein-Barr virus-induced B-lymphocyte transformation. Beta-catenin is a potential oncogene, and its accumulation has been implicated in a variety of human cancers. Here, we found that beta-catenin protein was highly expressed in Epstein-Barr virus-immortalized B-cell lines compared with peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy donors. Beta-catenin expression in Epstein-Barr virus-immortalized B-cell line decreased following treatment with LY294002, an inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase. Treatment with LY294002 or knockdown of beta-catenin by small interfering RNA reduced the growth of Epstein-Barr virus-immortalized B-cell line. Transient transfection of latent membrane protein 1 expression plasmid increased beta-catenin protein expression and beta-catenin-dependent transcription. Latent membrane protein 1 deletions mutants lacking the carboxyl-terminal activating region 1 domain failed to enhance beta-catenin protein expression and beta-catenin-dependent transcriptional activity. They also failed to increase phosphorylated AKT expression. Dominant-negative AKT suppressed latent membrane protein 1-induced beta-catenin-dependent transcriptional activity. These results suggest that latent membrane protein 1 activates beta-catenin through the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/AKT signaling pathway. Activation of the beta-catenin pathway by Epstein-Barr virus may contribute to the lymphoproliferation characteristic of Epstein-Barr virus-infected B-cells.", "19956532": "Diarsenic oxide, As(2)O(3), has been reported to be effective in treating acute leukemia, and induce apoptosis in many tumor cells. In this study, the ability of a novel arsenical compound, As(4)O(6) (tetraarsenic oxide), along with As(2)O(3), for its ability to induce cell growth inhibition, as well as apoptosis, in human cervical cancer cells, SiHa cells, were evaluated in vitro.", "8630409": "The CD30 surface molecule is a recently identified member of the tumor necrosis factor/nerve growth factor receptor superfamily. Within the cytoplasmic signal transducing domain, CD30 shares no significant homology to other members of this family. Signaling events engaged via CD30 are still unknown. We here identify the NF-kappabeta transcription factor as a target of the CD30-induced signal pathway in Hodgkin's disease (HD) cells. Exposure of HD cells to CD30 ligand induces release of interleukin-6 (IL-6) that can be duplicated by cross-linking HD-cells to an agonistic anti-CD30 specific monoclonal antibody (alphaCD30), but not by cross-linking to an isotype-identical irrelevant monoclonal antibody. Cross-linking of HD cells to alphaCD30 leads to enhanced accumulation of IL-6 mRNA in a time-dependent fashion resulting from transcriptional activation of the IL-6 promoter. Transient transfection assays using a series of deleted IL-6 promoter constructs linked to the human growth hormone gene as a reporter gene furthermore indicate that transcriptional activation of the IL-6 promoter requires the presence of an intact NF-kappabeta binding site. In addition, introduction of an NF-kappabeta binding site appeared to be sufficient to confer inducibility of an heterologous promoter on activation of CD30 in HD cells. Cross-linking of CD30 promotes rapid and transient binding activity of nuclear proteins to the NF-kappabeta recognition site of the IL-6 promoter. Supershift experiments using a series of monoclonal antibodies recognizing distinct members of the NF-kappaBeta transcription factor family furthermore indicate that in CD30 cross-linked HD cells p50, p65/Rel-A, and Rel-B are present, whereas the c-rel protein is not.", "20628280": "This study was designed to compare the outcome of LigaSure hemorrhoidectomy and stapled hemorrhoidopexy for prolapsed hemorrhoids.", "23839547": "The dose-related effects of dobutamine (DOB) on the contractility of fatigued diaphragm were studied in 16 anesthetized, mechanically ventilated dogs. The animals were divided into two groups of eight: the control (group C) and the DOB (group D). Diaphragmatic fatigue was induced by intermittent supramaximal electrophrenic stimulation at a frequency of 20 Hz applied for 30 min. Diaphragmatic contractility was assessed from changes in transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi). After the induction of diaphragmatic fatigue, Pdi at low-frequency (20-Hz) stimulation decreased significantly compared with the prefatigue values (P<0.05), whereas no change in Pdi was observed at high-frequency (100-Hz) stimulation. In group D, after producing fatigue, Pdi at 20-Hz stimulation increased significantly with a continuous infusion of DOB (5 and 10 \u03bcg\u00b7kg(-1)\u00b7min(-1)) i.v. (P<0.05). The Pdi at 100-Hz stimulation increased significantly with administration of DOB 10 \u03bcg\u00b7kg(-1)\u00b7min(-1) i.v. (P<0.05). There was a significant correlation between dose of DOB and Pdi at both stimuli (P<0.05). In group C, the speed of Pdi recovery at 20-Hz stimulation was relatively slower. The integrated diaphragmatic electric activity (Edi) in each group did not change at any frequency of stimulation throughout the study. It is concluded that DOB increases the contractility of fatigued diaphragm in a dose-dependent manner. ", "19300490": "Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte associated protein 4 (CTLA4) is a negative regulator of T-cell proliferation. Polymorphisms in CTLA4 have been inconsistently associated with susceptibility to rheumatoid arthritis (RA) in populations of European ancestry but have not been examined in African Americans. The prevalence of RA in most populations of European and Asian ancestry is approximately 1.0%; RA is purportedly less common in black Africans, with little known about its prevalence in African Americans. We sought to determine if CTLA4 polymorphisms are associated with RA in African Americans. We performed a 2-stage analysis of 12 haplotype tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) across CTLA4 in a total of 505 African American RA patients and 712 African American controls using Illumina and TaqMan platforms. The minor allele (G) of the rs231778 SNP was 0.054 in RA patients, compared to 0.209 in controls (4.462 x 10(-26), Fisher's exact). The presence of the G allele was associated with a substantially reduced odds ratio (OR) of having RA (AG+GG genotypes vs. AA genotype, OR 0.19, 95% CI: 0.13-0.26, p = 2.4 x 10(-28), Fisher's exact), suggesting a protective effect. This SNP is polymorphic in the African population (minor allele frequency [MAF] 0.09 in the Yoruba population), but is very rare in other groups (MAF = 0.002 in 530 Caucasians genotyped for this study). Markers associated with RA in populations of European ancestry (rs3087243 [+60C/T] and rs231775 [+49A/G]) were not replicated in African Americans. We found no confounding of association for rs231778 after stratifying for the HLA-DRB1 shared epitope, presence of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody, or degree of admixture from the European population. An African ancestry-specific genetic variant of CTLA4 appears to be associated with protection from RA in African Americans. This finding may explain, in part, the relatively low prevalence of RA in black African populations.", "27605815": "The aim of study was to describe clinico histopathological manifestations of cutaneous and gastric habronemiasis in horse. The adult worms live on the wall of the stomach and cutaneous of the host without internal migration. A 5\u00a0year old 700\u00a0kg warm-blood, cross gelding was referred to the Tehran School of Veterinary Medicine, Veterinary Teaching Hospital. The horse presented skin lesions around. In our survey, several raised granulomatous nodules with a cystic space and parasites within the cysts were observed. Also gastric rupture at greater curvature due to abscess and perforation through the serosa causing diffused peritonitis and subsequent death. Eosinophils and other inflammatory cells were present in large numbers. Furthermore, cutaneous lesions were characterized by single or multiple ulcerated timorous masses with eosinophil epithelioid cell infiltration and scattered necrotic debris. Granulation tissue and neutrophils were observed along the ulcerated area. In this report a case of cutaneous and gastric habronemiasis in a horse in Iran is described with special attention to confirmation of the clinical diagnosis.", "11642338": "To analyze the epidemiology of out-of-hospital cardiac arrests and to elucidate modifiable factors affecting survival, we conducted a prospective cohort study in a middle-sized urban city served by a single emergency medical service (EMS) system in which emergency medical technicians use an automated external defibrillator. Data were collected from out-of-hospital cardiac arrests occurring between 1 January, 1994 and 31 December, 1998 by applying the Utstein style. The main outcome measure was survival at 1 year after hospital discharge. The overall incidence of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest was 71.7/100 000 inhabitants/year. Resuscitations were attempted in 762 of 1118 patients with confirmed cardiac arrest. Of the 762 patients, 37 (4.86%) survived. The cause of cardiac arrest was presumed to be cardiac in 340 (44.6%). Of the 340 cardiac arrests, 180 (52.9%) were witnessed by bystanders. Ventricular fibrillation (VF) was recorded as an initial rhythm in 56 (31.1%) of the 180 patients, and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was performed by bystanders in 89 (49.4%). The survival rate was 39.2% (22/56) when cardiac arrest was bystander-witnessed and of cardiac origin with VF as an initial rhythm. VF as an initial rhythm, age of the patients and intervals of call-to-first CPR attempt and collapse-to-arrival at patient's side were major factors relating to survival in the witnessed cardiac arrests of cardiac origin. The age, and gender of the patients, place of collapse and intervals of collapse-to-first CPR and collapse-to-arrival at patient's side were representative factors affecting the incidence of VF as an initial rhythm. The survival rate in Akita-City from bystander-witnessed cardiac arrests of cardiac origin with VF as an initial rhythm was comparable to those in other regions with advanced EMS systems. However, the incidence of VF as an initial rhythm is extremely low. Reduction of intervals of call (collapse)-to-first CPR attempt and collapse-to-arrival at patient's side or authorization of use of automated external defibrillator in basic life support may increase the incidence of VF as an initial rhythm and improve the survival from witnessed cardiac arrests with cardiac origin.", "25977697": "The present study was conducted to investigate the effect of Sagunja-tang on the lipid related disease in a rat model of menopausal hyperlipidemia and lipid accumulation in methyl-\u03b2-cyclodextrin-induced HepG2 cells. In in vivo study using menopausal hyperlipidemia rats, Sagunja-tang reduced retroperitoneal and perirenal fat, serum lipids, atherogenic index, cardiac risk factor, media thickness, and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis score, when compared to menopausal hyperlipidemia control rats. In HepG2 cells, Sagunja-tang significantly decreased the lipid accumulation, total cholesterol levels, and low-density/very-low-density lipoprotein levels. Moreover, Sagunja-tang reversed the methyl-\u03b2-cyclodextrin-induced decrease in the protein levels of critical molecule involved in cholesterol synthesis, sterol regulatory element binding protein-2, and low-density lipoprotein receptor and inhibited protein levels of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase as well as activity. Phosphorylation level of AMP-activated protein kinase was stimulated by Sagunja-tang. These results suggest that Sagunja-tang has effect on inhibiting hepatic lipid accumulation through regulation of cholesterol synthesis and AMPK activity in vitro. These observations support the idea that Sagunja-tang is bioavailable both in vivo and in vitro and could be developed as a preventive and therapeutic agent of hyperlipidemia in postmenopausal females. ", "27239273": "Trust in scientific research is diminished by evidence that data are being manipulated. Outcome switching, data dredging and selective publication are some of the problems that undermine the integrity of published research. Methods for using blockchain to provide proof of pre-specified endpoints in clinical trial protocols were first reported by Carlisle.\u00a0We wished to empirically test such an approach using a clinical trial protocol where outcome switching has previously been reported. Here we confirm the use of blockchain as a low cost, independently verifiable method to audit and confirm the reliability of scientific studies.", "25052012": "Dysphagia is not uncommon after stroke. Dysphagia may delay the functional recovery and substantially affects the quality of life after stroke, mainly if lest untreated. To detect and treat dysphagia as early as possible is critical for patients' recovery after stroke. Electrical stimulation has been reported as a treatment for pharyngeal dysphagia in recent studies, but the therapeutic effects of neuromuscular electrical stimulation (VitalStim\u00ae) therapy lacks convincing supporting evidence, needs further clinical investigation.", "28083053": "To determine the association of Lady Health Worker's role with immunization of children in Pakistan.", "10642298": "The renin-angiotensin system plays a critical role in the control of blood pressure (BP), and its hyperactivity is associated with the development and maintenance of hypertension. Although traditional pharmacological therapies targeted toward the inhibition of the renin-angiotensin system are effective in the control of this disease, they pose significant limitations. We used an antisense gene delivery strategy to circumvent these limitations and established that a single intracardiac administration of angiotensin type 1 receptor antisense (AT(1)R-AS) causes permanent prevention of hypertension in the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR), an animal model of primary human hypertension. Our objectives in this study were 2-fold: to determine (1) whether the targeting of angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) mRNA by a similar antisense strategy would prevent the SHR from developing hypertension and (2) whether the antihypertensive phenotype is transmitted to the offspring from the antisense-treated parents. Administration of a retroviral vector containing ACE antisense (LNSV-ACE-AS) caused a modest yet significant attenuation of high BP ( approximately 15+/-2 mm Hg) exclusively in the SHR. This was associated with a complete prevention of cardiac and renovascular pathophysiological alterations that are characteristic of hypertension. Like their parents, the F(1) generation offspring of the LNSV-ACE-AS-treated SHR expressed lower BP, decreased cardiac hypertrophy, and normalization of renal arterial excitation-coupling compared with offspring derived from the LNSV-ACE-tS (truncated sense)-treated SHR. In addition, the endothelial dysfunction commonly observed in the SHR renal arterioles was significantly prevented in both parents and offspring of the LNSV-ACE-AS-treated SHR. Polymerase chain reaction followed by Southern analysis revealed that the ACE-AS was integrated into the SHR genome and transmitted to the offspring. These observations suggest that transmission of ACE-AS by retroviral vector may be responsible for the transference of normotensive phenotypes in the SHR offspring.", "22856580": "Listeria monocytogenes poses a serious threat to public health, and the majority of cases of human listeriosis are associated with contaminated food. Reliable microbiological testing is needed for effective control of this pathogen by the food industry and competent authorities.  The aim of this study was to determine the performance of three culture media commonly used for detecting L. monocytogenes in foods. Minced pork meat samples (n = 100) were subjected to microbiological testing for L. monocytogenes according to International Organization  for Standardization methods 11290-1:1996 and 11290-2:1998 using PALCAM, ALOA, and RAPID'L. mono culture media in parallel. Presence of the pathogen was confirmed by conducting biochemical and molecular tests on the presumptive L. monocytogenes colonies. Performance attributes of sensitivity,  specificity, positive and negative predictive values, positive and negative likelihood ratios, diagnostic odds ratios, error odds ratios, receiving operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and area under this curve were calculated from the presence-absence microbiological test results by combining  the results obtained from the culture media and confirmative tests. PALCAM had the best performance in terms of positive predictive value (i.e., a positive result indicates high probability of L. monocytogenes presence) but not in terms of sensitivity (i.e., the ability of the medium  to detect the pathogen when present). RAPID'L. mono was the most sensitive medium. None of the culture media were perfect for detecting L. monocytogenes in minced pork meat alone. The pathogen was detected in 16, 19, and 26% (apparent prevalence) of the samples by PALCAM, ALOA, and  RAPID'L. mono, respectively, although the true prevalence of the pathogen was 22%. These findings indicate that the use of a single culture medium may lead to erroneous determination of the prevalence of L. monocytogenes.", "28042118": "Nerve palsy is a well-described complication following total hip arthroplasty, but is highly distressing and disabling. A nerve palsy may cause difficulty with the post-operative rehabilitation, and overall mobility of the patient. Nerve palsy may result from compression and tension to the affected nerve(s) during the course of the operation via surgical manipulation and retractor placement, tension from limb lengthening or compression from post-operative hematoma. In the literature, hip dysplasia, lengthening of the leg, the use of an uncemented femoral component, and female gender are associated with a greater risk of nerve palsy. We examined our experience at a high-volume, tertiary care referral centre, and found an overall incidence of 0.3% out of 39 056 primary hip arthroplasties. Risk factors found to be associated with the incidence of nerve palsy at our institution included the presence of spinal stenosis or lumbar disc disease, age younger than 50, and smoking. If a nerve palsy is diagnosed, imaging is mandatory and surgical evacuation or compressive haematomas may be beneficial. As palsies are slow to recover, supportive care such as bracing, therapy, and reassurance are the mainstays of treatment. Cite this article: Bone Joint J 2017;99-B(1 Supple A):46-9.", "11772810": "We designed this study to assess the efficacy of dolasetron compared with clonidine and placebo in prophylaxis of postanesthetic shivering. We included 90 patients undergoing elective abdominal or urologic surgery. The patients were randomly assigned to one three groups (each group n = 30) using a double-blinded study protocol: Group A received 12.5 mg dolasetron, Group B 3 microg/kg clonidine, and Group C saline 0.9% as placebo. The medication was given after the induction of anesthesia. Postanesthetic shivering was judged by using a five-point scale. In the Clonidine group, 86.6% showed no shivering, whereas in the Dolasetron and Placebo groups, only 63.3% and 66.6%, respectively, were symptom free. Only clonidine, but not dolasetron, significantly reduced the incidence and the severity of shivering. We conclude that clonidine is effective in preventing shivering when given before surgery, whereas dolasetron, at the dose used, is not effective.", "18424723": "The primary characteristic features of any inflammatory or infectious lesions are immune cell infiltration, cellular proliferation, and the generation of proinflammatory mediators. TNF-alpha is a potent proinflammatory and immuno-regulatory cytokine. Decades of research have been focused on the physiological/pathophysiological events triggered by TNF-alpha. However, the signaling network initiated by TNF-alpha in human leukocytes is still poorly understood. In this study, we report that TNF-alpha activates phospholipase D1 (PLD1), in a dose-dependent manner, and PLD1 is required for the activation of sphingosine kinase and cytosolic calcium signals. PLD1 is also required for NFkappaB and ERK1/2 activation in human monocytic cells. Using antisense oligonucleotides to reduce specifically the expression of PLD isozymes showed PLD1, but not PLD2, to be coupled to TNF-alpha signaling and that PLD1 is required to mediate receptor activation of sphingosine kinase and calcium transients. In addition, the coupling of TNF-alpha to activation of the phosphorylation of ERK1/2 and the activation of NFkappaB were inhibited by pretreating cells with antisense to PLD1, but not to PLD2; thus, demonstrating a specific requirement for PLD1. Furthermore, use of antisense oligonucleotides to reduce expression of PLD1 or PLD2 demonstrated that PLD1 is required for TNF-alpha-induced production of several important cytokines, such as IL-1beta, IL-5, IL-6, and IL-13, in human monocytes. These studies demonstrate the critical role of PLD1 in the intracellular signaling cascades initiated by TNF-alpha and its functional role for coordinating the signals to inflammatory responses.", "23634843": "Prior to the introduction of tamoxifen, high dose estradiol was used to treat breast cancer patients with similar efficacy as tamoxifen, albeit with some undesirable side effects. There is renewed interest to utilize estradiol to treat endocrine resistant breast cancers, especially since findings from several preclinical models and clinical trials indicate that estradiol may be a rational second-line therapy in patients exhibiting resistance to tamoxifen and/or aromatase inhibitors. We and others reported that breast cancer patients bearing protein kinase C alpha (PKC\u03b1)- expressing tumors exhibit endocrine resistance and tumor aggressiveness. Our T47D:A18/PKC\u03b1 preclinical model is tamoxifen-resistant, hormone-independent, yet is inhibited by 17\u03b2-estradiol (E2) in vivo. We previously reported that E2-induced T47D:A18/PKC\u03b1 tumor regression requires extranuclear ER\u03b1 and interaction with the extracellular matrix.", "28410782": "Anterior arthroscopic tibiotalar arthrodesis has been well codified. A posterior approach with the patient in prone position is indicated when the anterior approach is precluded by soft tissue issues or for a 1-step procedure associated with posterior subtalar fusion. In an anatomic study, we assessed the feasibility of posterior arthroscopic tibiotalar fusion and sought to determine the arthroscopy entry points, mortise cartilage freshening quality, and risk of osseous, tendinous, vascular, and neural complications. We mapped 22 zones of the fibular tibiotalar mortise from 10 specimens. Medial and lateral para-Achilles arthroscopic approaches were used, with a 4-mm arthroscope at 30\u00b0. For chondral resection, we used a motorized burr, curette, and osteotome. The entire plafond of the tibial mortise could be freshened in all cases, but the talar dome could be freshened in its entirety in only 20% of cases. In 80%, only the posterior two thirds could be treated, because the anterior portion descending to the neck of the talus was poorly accessible. More than 50% of the area of the malleolar grooves was freshened. One medial malleolar fracture and one posterior fibular artery lesion developed. Thus, the technique was shown to be feasible, if no frontal hindfoot deformity or tibiotalar equinus is present, which would prevent satisfactory resection of the posterior and anterior talar cartilage. The procedure allows for single-step associated subtalar fusion, requiring 2 complementary arthroscopic approaches, 1\u00a0cm distally.", "26756004": "Andropause is the gradual reduction of the male sex hormone (testosterone) with increasing age. Its symptoms are sexual dysfunction, weakness, fatigue, insomnia, loss of motivation, mood disorders and reduction of bone density. Treatment of andropause with testosterone has been recently considered.", "15811494": "The fetus may be exposed to increased endogenous glucocorticoid or synthetic glucocorticoid in late gestation. Approximately 7% of pregnant women in Europe and North America are treated with synthetic glucocorticoid to promote lung maturation in fetuses at risk of preterm delivery. Very little is known about the mechanisms by which synthetic glucocorticoid or prenatal stress influence neurodevelopment in the human, or whether specific time windows of increased sensitivity exist. Glucocorticoids are essential for many aspects of normal brain development, but exposure of the fetal brain to excess glucocorticoid can have life-long effects on neuroendocrine function and behaviour. Both endogenous glucocorticoid and synthetic glucocorticoid exposure have a number of rapid effects in the fetal brain, including modification of neurotransmitter systems and transcriptional machinery. Such fetal exposure permanently alters hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) function in prepubertal, postpubertal and aging offspring, in a sex-dependent manner. Prenatal glucocorticoid manipulation also leads to modification of behaviour, brain and organ morphology, as well as altered regulation of other endocrine systems. Permanent changes in endocrine function will impact on health, since elevated cumulative exposure to endogenous glucocorticoid is linked to the premature onset of pathologies associated with aging.", "26756009": "Focused assessment with sonography in trauma (FAST) is a method for prompt detection of the abdominal free fluid in patients with abdominal trauma.", "24705863": "We conducted a meta-analysis in order to investigate the relationships between PTEN gene mutations and the prognosis in glioma. The following electronic databases were searched for relevant articles without any language restrictions: Web of Science (1945 ~ 2013), the Cochrane Library Database (Issue 12, 2013), PubMed (1966 ~ 2013), EMBASE (1980 ~ 2013), CINAHL (1982 ~ 2013), and the Chinese Biomedical Database (CBM) (1982 ~ 2013). Meta-analyses were conducted using the STATA software (Version 12.0, Stata Corporation, College Station, Texas USA). Hazard ratio (HR) with its corresponding 95 % confidence interval (95%CI) was calculated. Six independent cohort studies with a total of 357 glioma patients met our inclusion criteria. Our meta-analysis results indicated that glioma patients with PTEN gene mutations exhibited a significantly shorter overall survival (OS) than those without PTEN gene mutations (HR = 3.66, 95%CI = 2.02 ~ 5.30, P < 0.001). Ethnicity-stratified subgroup analysis demonstrated that PTEN gene mutations were closely linked to poor prognosis in glioma among Americans (HR = 3.72, 95%CI = 1.72 ~ 5.73, P < 0.001), while similar correlations were not observed among populations in Sweden, Italy, and Malaysia (all P > 0.05). Our meta-analysis provides direct and strong evidences for the speculation of PTEN gene mutations' correlation with poor prognosis of glioma patients.", "22528948": "The potential anticancer agent 1-(2-chlorophenyl-N-methylpropyl)-3-isoquinolinecarboxamide (PK11195), a translocator protein ligand (initially described as a ligand for the peripheral benzodiazepine receptor), induces apoptosis in some lines of human tumor cells. We investigated the effect of PK11195 in the choriocarcinoma cell line, BeWo. BeWo cells were treated with various concentrations of PK11195, and changes in cell growth, the cell cycle, apoptosis, and related parameters were examined. A WST-1 assay showed that BeWo cells were sensitive to the growth inhibitory effect of PK11195. In contrast, the nonsite selective ligand diazepam has a little effect on these cells. Cell cycle analysis indicated that exposure to PK11195 decreased the proportion of cells in the S phase and increased the proportion in the G0/G1 phases of the cell cycle. Induction of apoptosis was confirmed by Annexin V staining of externalized phosphatidylserine, by the loss of mitochondrial transmembrane potential, and by antibodies directed against histones from fragmented DNA. This induction occurred in conjunction with the altered expression of genes related to cell growth, malignant phenotype, and apoptosis. These results suggest that PK11195 may serve as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of choriocarcinoma.", "26125252": "The study was aimed at evaluating the in vitro cytotoxicity of some commonly used drugs in ophthalmology. Hydrocortisone sodium succinate, Dexamethasone sodium phosphate, 5-Fluorouracil, Tobramycin and Pilocarpine nitrate are frequently used in various indications involving eye care, and the aim was to test the safety of these in cell culture.", "11903942": "We evaluated the efficacy of granisetron, 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, given orally, preoperatively, for the prevention of postoperative vomiting in children undergoing general anaesthesia for surgery (inguinal hernia, phimosis-circumcision).", "21151908": "The aim of the present study was to investigate whether the survival-improving effect of atorvastatin in sepsis is accompanied by a reduction in tissue activation of inflammatory pathways and, in parallel, an improvement in tissue insulin signaling in rats. Diffuse sepsis was induced by cecal ligation and puncture surgery (CLP) in male Wistar rats. Serum glucose and inflammatory cytokines levels were assessed 24 h after CLP. The effect of atorvastatin on survival of septic animals was investigated in parallel with insulin signaling and its modulators in liver, muscle and adipose tissue. Atorvastatin improves survival in septic rats and this improvement is accompanied by a marked improvement in insulin sensitivity, characterized by an increase in glucose disappearance rate during the insulin tolerance test. Sepsis induced an increase in the expression/activation of TLR4 and its downstream signaling JNK and IKK/NF-\u03baB activation, and blunted insulin-induced insulin signaling in liver, muscle and adipose tissue; atorvastatin reversed all these alterations in parallel with a decrease in circulating levels of TNF-\u03b1 and IL-6. In summary, this study demonstrates that atorvastatin treatment increased survival, with a significant effect upon insulin sensitivity, improving insulin signaling in peripheral tissues of rats during peritoneal-induced sepsis. The effect of atorvastatin on the suppression of the TLR-dependent inflammatory pathway may play a central role in regulation of insulin signaling and survival in sepsis insult.", "17875939": "Vitamin K is a fat-soluble vitamin that serves as a coenzyme for vitamin K-dependent carboxylase. Besides its canonical action, vitamin K binds to the steroid and xenobiotic receptor (SXR)/pregnane X receptor (PXR) and modulates gene transcription. To determine if the osteoprotective action of vitamin K is the result of the PXR/SXR pathway, we screened by two-dimensional sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis the PXR/SXR target genes in an osteoblastic cell line (MC3T3-E1) treated with a vitamin K2 (menaquinone 4 [MK4]). Osteoblastic differentiation of MC3T3-E1 cells was induced by MK4. Msx2, an osteoblastogenic transcription factor, was identified as an MK4-induced gene. Functional analysis of the Msx2 gene promoter mapped a vitamin K-responsive element (PXR-responsive element [PXRE]) that was directly bound by a PXR/retinoid X receptor alpha heterodimer. In a chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis, PXR was recruited together with a coactivator, p300, to the PXRE in the Msx2 promoter. MK4-bound PXR cooperated with estrogen-bound estrogen receptor alpha to control transcription at the Msx2 promoter. Knockdown of either PXR or Msx2 attenuated the effect of MK4 on osteoblastic differentiation. Thus, the present study suggests that Msx2 is a target gene for PXR activated by vitamin K and suggests that the osteoprotective action of MK4 in the human mediates, at least in part, a genomic pathway of vitamin K signaling.", "20382694": "We previously reported that 3T3-L1 and rat primary adipocytes secreted microvesicles, known as adipocyte-derived microvesicles (ADMs). In the present study, we further characterized the 3T3-L1 ADMs and found that they exhibited angiogenic activity in vivo. Antibody arrays and gelatin zymography analyses revealed that several angiogenic and antiangiogenic proteins, including leptin, TNFalpha, acidic fibroblast growth factor (FGFa), interferon-gamma, and matrix metalloprotease (MMP)-2 and MMP-9, were present in the ADMs. Gene expression of most of these angiogenic factors was induced in the adipose tissue of diet-induced obese mice. Furthermore, leptin, TNFalpha, and MMP-2 were up-regulated at the protein level in the adipocyte fractions prepared from epididymal adipose tissues of high-fat-diet-induced obese mice. ADMs induced cell migration and tube formation of human umbilical vein endothelial cells, which were partially suppressed by neutralizing antibodies to leptin, TNFalpha, or FGFa but not to interferon-gamma. Supporting these data, a mixture of leptin, TNFalpha, and FGFa induced tube formation. ADMs also promoted cell invasion of human umbilical vein endothelial cells through Matrigel, which was suppressed by the addition of the MMP inhibitor 1,10'-phenanthroline and a neutralizing antibody to MMP-2 but not to MMP-9. These results suggest that ADMs are associated with multiple angiogenic factors and play a role in angiogenesis in adipose tissue.", "12895212": "The relationship between Helicobacter pylori infection and its treatment and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is controversial.", "24757230": "To evaluate safety and efficacy of DiaPep277 in preserving \u03b2-cell function in type 1 diabetic patients.", "15819761": "Physostigmine was studied for its efficacy in the prevention of postanaesthetic shivering compared to nefopam and placebo. We studied 89 patients undergoing abdominal and urological surgery. The study was randomised and double-blind, the patients received physostigmine 2 mg (n = 31), nefopam 10 mg (n = 30) or saline (n = 28). Haemodynamic parameters and temperature were measured at induction of anaesthesia (T0), and 5 min (T1), 15 min (T2), 30 min (T3) and 60 min (T4) after reaching the postanaesthetic care unit (PACU). Significantly less shivering occurred following administration of physostigmine and nefopam (9.7 and 3.3%) compared to placebo (53.6%). The degree of shivering was also significantly reduced following physostigmine and nefopam (p < 0.01). Extubation time, haemodynamic parameters and tympanic temperature were found to be similar in all groups. Aldrete score, duration of PACU stay and postoperative analgesic requirements did not differ between the groups. Only nefopam significantly (p < 0.01) reduced postoperative nausea and vomiting. Physostigmine is a safe alternative to nefopam, significantly reducing the incidence and severity of postanaesthetic shivering without affecting postanaesthetic recovery.", "17163252": "Women undergoing general anaesthesia for breast surgery are especially at risk of experiencing postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV). This study was undertaken to assess the efficacy of granisetron, a selective serotonin type 3 receptor antagonist, for the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting after breast surgery.", "18662397": " Malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) is a rare, aggressive tumor for which no effective therapy exists despite the discovery of many possible molecular and genetic targets. Many risk factors for MPM development have been recognized including environmental exposures, genetic susceptibility, viral contamination, and radiation. However, the late stage of MPM diagnosis and the long latency that exists between some exposures and diagnosis have made it difficult to comprehensively evaluate the role of risk factors and their downstream molecular effects. In this review, we discuss the current molecular and genetic contributors in MPM pathogenesis and the risk factors associated with these carcinogenic processes.", "21406725": "Erythropoietin (EPO), the key hormone in red blood cell renewal, is mainly produced in the adult kidney. Anemia and hypoxia substantially enhance EPO expression to increase erythropoiesis. Investigations of the cellular physiology of renal EPO production have been hampered by the lack of an adequate human cell line. In the present study, we present the human kidney cell line REPC (for renal Epo-producing cells), established from an explanted human kidney exhibiting EPO gene expression and release of the EPO protein in an oxygen-dependent manner. Hypoxic induction of EPO mRNA showed the typical transient increase and peak in expression after 36 hours under continuous conditions of hypoxia. Bioactive EPO protein accumulated in the culture supernatant. The induction of EPO gene expression in REPCs critically depended on the activation of hypoxia-inducible transcription factors (HIFs). SiRNA treatment revealed that the expression of EPO was largely dependent on the activation of the transcription factor complex HIF-2. In addition, hepatic nuclear factor 4\u03b1 was shown to be critically involved in hypoxia-induced renal EPO expression. Using the human kidney cell line REPC, we provide for the first time a powerful tool with which to study the cellular and molecular regulation of renal EPO production.", "21259280": "To evaluate the prognostic value of early and intensive lipid-lowering treatment on ventricular premature beat or nonsustained ventricular tachycardia (NSVT) after acute coronary syndrome (ACS) (ST-elevation myocardial infarction [STEMI], non-STEMI, and unstable angina pectoris).", "22291473": "Adult weight gain and obesity have become worldwide problems. Issues of cost and potential side effects of prescription weight loss drugs have led overweight and obese adults to try nutraceuticals that may aid weight loss. One promising nutraceutical is green coffee extract, which contains high concentrations of chlorogenic acids that are known to have health benefits and to influence glucose and fat metabolism. A 22-week crossover study was conducted to examine the efficacy and safety of a commercial green coffee extract product GCA\u2122 at reducing weight and body mass in 16 overweight adults.", "16319506": "The present study focuses on testing the association of hostility with plasma homocysteine levels in a general population sample.", "14672915": "Malignant pleural effusion (PE) is one of the poor prognostic factors in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and the detailed mechanism of the malignant PE formation is not fully elucidated. Recently, CXCR4, a receptor for chemokine stromal-derived factor-1alpha (SDF-1alpha) that can induce chemotaxis of cells, was reported to be expressed on NSCLC. In this study, we hypothesized that the SDF-1alpha/CXCR4 axis may be involved in the dissemination of malignant cells into pleural space, and investigated its expression, function, and signaling pathway using NSCLC cell lines and clinical samples from 43 patients with NSCLC with malignant PE. We found functional expression of CXCR4 on NSCLC cell lines, and also found that SDF-1alpha could induce migration via phosphatidylinositol 3 (PI-3) kinase- and p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase-dependent manner. The SDF-1alpha levels in malignant PE were significantly higher than those in transudate PE and showed a significant positive correlation with PE volumes. The sensitivity and specificity for prediction of recurrence of malignant PE was 61.5% and 83.3%, respectively (cutoff SDF-1alpha = 2,500 ng/ml), and better than those using pH of PE. Cancer cells in malignant PE expressed CXCR4, and mesothelial cells of the pleura stained positive for SDF-1alpha. The SDF-1alpha/CXCR4 axis is involved in the dissemination of NSCLC cells into pleural space.", "25682969": "Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-\u03b2) is suggestive of a molecular target for cancer therapy due to its involvement in cell cycle, differentiation, and morphogenesis. Meanwhile, survivin is identified as an apoptosis inhibitor and involved in tumorgenesis. Here, we aimed to investigate the potential associations between TGF-\u03b2 and survivin in glioblastoma U87 cell line. Survivin small interfering RNA (siRNA), Western blotting, and cell cycle analysis were introduced to detect relevant proteins in TGF-\u03b2 pathways. In this study, we observed a concentration- and time-dependent increase of survivin expression after treatment with TGF-\u03b21. However, the kinase inhibitors U0126 and LY294002 inhibited the upregulation of survivin in comparison with DMSO. In addition, survivin siRNA effectively abrogated survivin expression in U87 cells, therefore affected cells' entry into the S phase of cell cycle, and then repressed the expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9) in comparison with non-transfection. In conclusion, the present study shows that TGF-\u03b2 upregulates survivin expression via ERK and PI3K/AKT pathway, leading to glioblastoma cell cycle progression. Thus, the blockade of survivin will allow for the treatment of glioblastoma, partially attributing to the inhibition of EGFR and MMP9 expression. ", "17523738": "Pain is a well recognised complication of propofol injection. The purpose of this study was to compare the efficacy of flurbiprofen, lidocaine and a combination of the two in reducing pain on injection of propofol.", "19285023": "Fibroblast growth factor receptor-1 (FGFR-1) has been implicated in the process of cardiogenesis, although the underlying molecular mechanisms are poorly understood. In this study, we report the regulation of FGFR-1 expression by related transcriptional enhancer factor-1 (RTEF-1) in vitro (endothelial cells) and in vivo (RTEF-1 transgenic mice). FGFR-1 promoter activity, FGFR-1 mRNA and protein level were measured in bovine aortic endothelial cells (BAEC) in response to RTEF-1 and in endothelial cells isolated from livers in RTEF-1 transgenic mice. RTEF-1 stimulated FGFR-1 promoter activity in a dose-dependent manner. RTEF-1 enhanced FGFR-1 mRNA (4-fold) and protein expression (3.5-fold) whereas RTEF-1 siRNA decreased FGFR-1 protein expression (4-fold). FGFR-1 mRNA and protein expression were also increased in endothelial cells isolated from livers of RTEF-1 transgenic mice. Furthermore, RTEF-1 enhanced tubule formation whereas this was decreased by RTEF-1 knockdown. Moreover, increased relaxation of microvessels was found in RTEF-1 transgenic mice compared to wild-type mice. Our results indicate that RTEF-1 acts as a transcriptional stimulator of FGFR-1 in endothelial cells through its activation of the FGFR-1 promoter. RTEF-1 thus plays an important role in the regulation of FGFR-1 expression. These findings help further understand FGFR activity in angiogenesis and may lead to new therapeutic targets in ischemic vascular disorders.", "17163298": "Pain on injection is still a major problem with propofol; metoclopramide effectively decreases this pain. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the influence of aging on metoclopramide requirement for propofol-induced pain.", "17900579": "To evaluate the prophylactic use of dexamethasone for reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) and analgesic use after gynecological laparoscopic surgery.", "24986664": "This study aimed to investigate the clinical significance of contrast enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) in diagnosis of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) through comparing CEUS parameters between BPH and normal person.", "8700981": "In the controversy surrounding breast implants, one of the crucial questions is whether patients ca form antibodies directed against the silicone shell of the implant. If this were the case, implications for current breast implant development, indeed, for all silicone medical devices, are far-reaching. To evaluate this hypothesis, sera from 18 patients who had tissue expanders and 15 control patients who had no silicone implant exposure were tested retrospectively for antibodies to the silicone using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay previously documented as a case report in the literature. Contrary to previous studies, no significant difference in antibody levels was found between test subjects and the controls. Additionally, this enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for silicone antibodies was poorly reproducible. This study calls into question the existence of specific antibodies to the silicone shell. It also provides further data that the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay may not be reliable as a silicone antibody test.", "2303032": "The study of measles virus (MV) and of negative strand RNA viruses in general has been hampered by the lack of an experimental system for genetic manipulation. Here we describe a procedure for generating infectious MV from cloned MV cDNA. First we assembled a genetically marked DNA copy of the MV genome in plasmids, under the control of phage T3 or T7 promoters, allowing production of transcripts almost identical to the MV genome or antigenome. Incubation of these linearized plasmid DNAs with the appropriate phage polymerase and only two ribonucleoside triphosphates yielded committed transcription complexes. Microinjection of these complexes into the cytoplasm of helper cells which provide the proteins necessary for MV genome encapsidation and transcription/replication, reproducibly give rise to lytic MVs. The transcripts of one of these viruses were analysed by sequencing after reverse transcription followed by DNA amplification, and found to contain the genetic tags. The described procedure permits the analysis of a negative strand RNA virus with the same genetic tools previously applicable only to positive strand RNA viruses and retroviruses.", "22168642": "Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with an increased prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and its components. It is unclear whether treatment of obstructive sleep apnea syndrome with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) would modify these outcomes.", "12609035": "Transient gene expression is a fast, flexible and reproducible approach to high-level expression of useful proteins. In plants, recombinant strains of Agrobacterium tumefaciens can be used for transient expression of genes that have been inserted into the T-DNA region of the bacterial Ti plasmid. A bacterial culture is vacuum-infiltrated into leaves, and upon T-DNA transfer, there is ectopic expression of the gene of interest in the plant cells. However, the utility of the system is limited because the ectopic protein expression ceases after 2-3 days. Here, we show that post-transcriptional gene silencing (PTGS) is a major cause for this lack of efficiency. We describe a system based on co-expression of a viral-encoded suppressor of gene silencing, the p19 protein of tomato bushy stunt virus (TBSV), that prevents the onset of PTGS in the infiltrated tissues and allows high level of transient expression. Expression of a range of proteins was enhanced 50-folds or more in the presence of p19 so that protein purification could be achieved from as little as 100 mg of infiltrated leaf material. The effect of p19 was not saturated in cells that had received up to four individual T-DNAs and persisted until leaf senescence. Because of its simplicity and rapidity, we anticipate that the p19-enhanced expression system will have value in industrial production as well as a research tool for isolation and biochemical characterisation of a broad range of proteins without the need for the time-consuming regeneration of stably transformed plants.", "24675398": "This work aims at providing a Mixed Integer Linear Programming modelling framework to help define planning strategies for the development of sustainable biorefineries. The up-scaling of an Organosolv biorefinery was addressed via optimisation of the whole system economics. Three real world case studies were addressed to show the high-level flexibility and wide applicability of the tool to model different biomass typologies (i.e. forest fellings, cereal residues and energy crops) and supply strategies. Model outcomes have revealed how supply chain optimisation techniques could help shed light on the development of sustainable biorefineries. Feedstock quality, quantity, temporal and geographical availability are crucial to determine biorefinery location and the cost-efficient way to supply the feedstock to the plant. Storage costs are relevant for biorefineries based on cereal stubble, while wood supply chains present dominant pretreatment operations costs. ", "19817545": "Human amniotic fluid-derived mesenchymal stem cells (AFMSCs) have been shown to promote peripheral nerve regeneration, and the local delivery of neurotrophic factors may additionally enhance nerve regeneration capacity. The present study evaluates whether the transplantation of glia cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF)-modified human AFMSCs may enhance regeneration of sciatic nerve after a crush injury.", "19055698": "The terminal degradation product (C3d) of mammalian complement component C3 plays an important role in modulation of the adaptive immune response through the interaction with complement receptor type 2 (CR2) on B cells. In this study, the gene fragment coding for the complement protein C3d (chC3d) from Roman chicken was cloned and expressed as a fusion protein for its application in the vaccine study of chicken, and for in vitro experiments. The chC3d fragment strengthened B-cell responses when complexed with antigen. Three potential vaccine construct units were engineered to contain two, four and six copies of chC3d coding gene linked to the F gene of Newcastle disease virus (NDV), an economically important pathogen of chicken that is classified as a list A contagious disease of poultry by the Office International des Epizooties. The cloned chC3d protein and different repeats of C3d proteins in addition to the F gene of NDV were generated separately in Escherichia coli and chicken embryo fibroblast cells with the help of expression vectors. All recombinant proteins were analysed by SDS-PAGE and Western blotting. Analysis of the immunogenicity of different repeats of C3d revealed that chC3d had an enhancing effect on the immunogenicity of antigens, and that six or more repeats of C3d may be necessary for efficient enhancement of antigen-specific immune responses. To date, published research into the adjuvant activities of C3d has been limited to experiments in mice, rabbits and cattle. The adjuvant properties of C3d have not been assessed in poultry using homologous C3d in association with antigens relevant to the target species. The Roman chicken C3d fusion proteins described in this study is the first report and will provide a basis for immunization trials in chicken, studies of receptor binding and cell activation of chicken lymphocytes, and investigations of new types of vaccines, including recombinant vaccines and DNA vaccines for future use against other pathogens in chicken.", "23839836": "We examined the dose-related effects of nicardipine on the diaphragmatic fatigability in 24 anesthetized, mechanically ventilated dogs. Animals were divided into three groups of eight each: the control group (group C), the nicardipine 3 \u03bcg\u00b7kg(-1) I.V. group (group N1) and the nicardipine 5 \u03bcg\u00b7kg(-1)\u00b7min(-1) I.V. group (group N2). Diaphragmatic fatigue was induced by intermittent supramaximal bilateral electrophrenic stimulation at a frequency of 20 Hz applied for 30 min. In groups N1 and N2, nicardipine was continuoulsy infused intravenously during this fatigueproducing period. Diaphragmatic contractility was assessed by changes in transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi). After induction of diaphragmatic stimulation at low-frequency (20 Hz), Pdi decreased significantly in all groups compared with the prefatigue value (P<0.05), whereas no change was observed in Pdi at high-frequency (100 Hz) stimulation. The Pdi at 20 Hz stimulation was significantly lower in groups N1 and N2 compared with that in group C (P<0.05). The decrease in Pdi at 20 Hz stimulation was significantly larger in group N2 than in group N1 (P<0.05). The speed of recovery of Pdi at 20 Hz stimulation was dose dependent. The integrated diaphragmatic electric activity (Edi) in each group did not change at any frequency of stimulation throughout the study. Our results demonstrate that nicardipine causes a dose-dependent reduction of the contractility of the fatigued diaphragm. ", "16639069": "According to current evidence, most organizations, including the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (A.S.P.E.N.), do not recommend the routine use of artificial nutrition for patients with cancer. Despite the recommendation for parenteral nutrition (PN), data for early PN supplementation (PNS) in patients with an advanced malignancy are extremely limited, especially in terms of the affects on nutrition outcomes, body composition, and quality of life (QOL), as well as effects on oncologic outcomes. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of PNS on body composition and the quality of life in patients with advanced malignancies.", "19735646": "Curcumin, a yellow pigment present in the spice turmeric (Curcuma longa), has been linked with antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, antiproliferative, anticancer, antidiabetic, antirheumatic, and antiviral effects, but its optimum potential is limited by its lack of solubility in aqueous solvents and poor oral bioavailability. We employed a polymer-based nanoparticle approach to improve bioavailability. Curcumin was encapsulated with 97.5% efficiency in biodegradable nanoparticulate formulation based on poly (lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA) and a stabilizer polyethylene glycol (PEG)-5000. Dynamic laser light scattering and transmission electron microscopy indicated a particle diameter of 80.9 nm. This curcumin, renamed from hereon \"as curcumin (NP)\", was characterized for its biological activity. In vitro curcumin (NP) exhibited very rapid and more efficient cellular uptake than curcumin. Estrase staining revealed that curcumin (NP) was at least as potent as or more potent than curcumin in inducing apoptosis of leukemic cells and in suppressing proliferation of various tumor cell lines. When examined by electrophoretic gel shift mobility assay, curcumin (NP) was more active than curcumin in inhibiting TNF-induced NF-kappaB activation and in suppression of NF-kappaB-regulated proteins involved in cell proliferation (cyclin D1), invasion (MMP-9), and angiogenesis (VEGF). In mice, curcumin (NP) was more bioavailable and had a longer half-life than curcumin. Overall we demonstrate that curcumin-loaded PLGA nanoparticles formulation has enhanced cellular uptake, and increased bioactivity in vitro and superior bioavailability in vivo over curcumin.", "15811683": "A simple, sensitive and rapid flow-injection spectrophotometric method was developed for the determination of trace amounts of Au(III) in aqueous dimethylformamide (DMF). The method is based on formation of Au(III)-(3,5-DMHAAINH)3 complex. The optimum conditions for the chromogenic reaction of Au(III) with 3,5-DMHAAINH is studied and the colored (reddish brown) complex is selectively monitored at lambda(max) 490 nm at pH 6.0. The reaction and flow conditions of the full experimental design were optimized. The detection limit (2 s) of 0.1 microg l-1 Au(III) was obtained at a sampling rate of 15 samples h-1. Beer's law is obeyed over the range of 0.30-4.00 microg ml-1. The molar absorptivity and Sandell's sensitivity were 3.450x10(4) M and 0.0050 microg ml-1, respectively. Job's method of continuous variation and stability constants corresponding to these maxima was determined and found to be 9.3x10(15) (1:3, M:R) (M, metal; R, reagent). The detailed study of various interferences confirmed the high selectivity of the developed method. The method was successfully applied for the determination of trace amount of Au(III) in water and pharmaceutical samples. The results obtained were in agreement with the reported methods at the 95% confidence level.", "15950961": "Toll is the founder of a group of pattern recognition receptors, which play a critical role in the innate immunity in Drosophila. At least 13 distinct Toll-like receptors (TLRs), recognising pathogen-associated molecular pattern (PAMPs), have now been identified in humans. Most investigations on TLRs have focused on cells of the innate system. We report here that na\u00efve human T cells expressed high levels of cell surface TLR2 after activation by anti-T cell receptor (TCR) antibody and interferon-alpha. Activated cells produced elevated levels of cytokines in response to the TLR2 ligand, bacterial lipopeptide (BLP). Furthermore, CD4(+)CD45RO(+) memory T cells from peripheral blood constitutively expressed TLR2 and produced IFNgamma in response to BLP. BLP also markedly enhanced the proliferation and IFNgamma production by CD45RO(+) T cells in the presence of IL-2 or IL-15. Thus, TLR2 serves as a co-stimulatory receptor for antigen-specific T cell development and participates in the maintenance of T cell memory. This suggests that pathogens, via their PAMPs, may contribute directly to the perpetuation and activation of long term T cell memory in both antigen dependent and independent manner.", "12190834": "The effects of menopause transition on metabolic and cardiovascular disease risk in women are unclear. It is unknown whether estrogen deficiency, aging, or a combination of both factors are independent contributors to a worsening health profile in women. We considered the effects of menopause transition and hormone replacement therapy on body composition, regional body fat, energy expenditure, and insulin sensitivity.", "2163836": "The E2 open reading frame of human papillomavirus type 16 was inserted into the Escherichia coli vector pKK223-3, and expressed to greater than 15% of total cellular protein when induced with isopropyl beta-D-thiogalactopyranoside. The highest expressing clone was grown in bulk and the E2 protein purified to homogeneity by the following procedure: (a) isolation of the insoluble protein fraction; (b) extraction with urea; (c) quaternary amino-ethyl-Sepharose ion-exchange chromatography and (d) renaturation and chromatography on dextran sulphate. That the purified protein was fully functionally active was confirmed by its specific DNA-binding properties and its ability to activate gene transcription by over two orders of magnitude in an in vivo assay.", "8004733": "The antiemetic effects of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxy-tryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, on postoperative nausea and vomiting were studied and compared with placebo and metoclopramide in 60 patients undergoing general anaesthesia for major gynaecological surgery. The patients received a single i.v. dose of either granisetron (3 mg, n = 20) metoclopramide (10 mg, n = 20), or placebo (saline, n = 20) immediately after recovery from anaesthesia. The effects were assessed during the first three and the next 21 hr after recovery from anaesthesia by means of a nausea and vomiting score; 0 = no emetic symptoms, 1 = nausea, 2 = vomiting. The mean scores during 0-3 hr were 0.8, 0.1 and 0.1 after administration of placebo, metoclopramide and granisetron, respectively; the corresponding scores during 3-24 hr were 0.6, 0.5 and 0.1. The scores of the metoclopramide and the granisetron groups were different from the placebo group in the first three hours (P < 0.05). Although there were no differences in the scores during 0-3 hr between the metoclopramide and the granisetron groups, there were differences during 3-24 hr (P < 0.05). It is concluded that granisetron is superior to metoclopramide in the long-term prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting after anaesthesia.", "17327231": "Interleukin 15 (IL-15) is a pleiotropic cytokine that is hardly detectable in biological fluids. Here, we show that IL-15 forms functional heterocomplexes with soluble high affinity IL-15 receptor alpha (IL-15Ralpha) chain in mouse serum and cell-conditioned medium, which prevents IL-15 detection by ELISA. We also demonstrate that two soluble IL-15Ralpha (sIL-15Ralpha) sushi domain isoforms are generated through a novel alternative splicing mechanism within the IL-15Ralpha gene. These isoforms potentiate IL-15 action by promoting the IL-15-mediated proliferation of the CTLL cell line and interferon gamma production by murine NK cells, which suggests a role in IL-15 transpresentation. Conversely, a full-length sIL-15Ralpha ectodomain released by tumor necrosis factor-alpha-converting enzyme (TACE)-dependent proteolysis inhibits IL-15 activity. Thus, a dual mechanism of sIL-15Ralpha generation exists in mice, giving rise to polypeptides with distinct properties, which regulate IL-15 function.", "26715275": "Current evidences have indicated that osteosarcoma is strongly associated with abnormal genetic and epigenetic changes that lead to the abnormal expression of oncogenes or methylation of tumor suppressor genes. In the present study, MACC1 and CDC5L mRNA levels in the patients with osteosarcoma were evaluated using quantitative real-time PCR. Our results demonstrated that CDC5L mRNA levels were higher in tumor tissues than in adjacent normal tissues (2.713\u2009\u00b1\u20090.738 vs. 1.071\u2009\u00b1\u20090.629; P\u2009<\u20090.05). Moreover, MACC1 was upregulated in tumor bone tissues than in adjacent normal tissues (3.221\u2009\u00b1\u20090. 624 vs. 1.427\u2009\u00b1\u20090.456; P\u2009<\u20090.05). Our result demonstrated that high expression of CDC5L was significantly related to advanced TNM stage (P\u2009=\u20090.032). No significant difference was determined between CDC5L mRNA expression and other clinicopathological parameters including age, gender, tumor diameter, location, tumor grade, and histological type. In addition, overexpression of MACC1 was strongly correlated with advanced TNM stage (P\u2009=\u20090.027) and high tumor grade (P\u2009=\u20090.035). Our findings indicated that mRNA level of CDC5L is correlated with advanced TNM stage, and MACC1 may be involved in progression of osteosarcoma.", "23839884": "We studied the dose-related effects of amrinone on the contractility of a fatigued diaphragm in 16 anesthetized, mechanically ventilated dogs. The animals were divided into two groups: the control group (Group C,n=8) and the amrinone group (Group A,n=8). Diaphragmatic fatigue was induced by intermittent supramaximal bilateral electrophrenic stimulation at a frequency of 20 Hz applied for 30 min. The contractility of the diaphragm was assessed from changes in transdiaphragmatic pressure (P di). After inducing fatigue,P di at low-frequency (20 Hz) stimulation decreased significantly compared with the pre-fatigue values (P<0.05), whereas no change was observed at high-frequency (100 Hz) stimulation. In Group A, after producing fatigue,P di at 20 Hz stimulation increased significantly with a bolus injection (0.75 mg\u00b7kg(-1)) followed by continuous infusion of amrinone (2.5, 5 and then 10\u03bcg\u00b7kg(-1)min(-1)) IV (P<0.05).P di at 100 Hz stimulation increased significantly with an administration of amrinone (10\u03bcg\u00b7kg(-1)min(-1) IV (P<0.05). There was a significant positive correlation betweenP di at both stimuli and amrinone dose (P<0.01). In Group, C, the speed of recovery ofP di at 20 Hz stimulation was relatively slower. The integrated electric activity of the diaphragam (E di) in each group did not change at any frequency of stimulation throughout the experiment. We conclude that amrinone exerts a dose-dependent enhancement of the contractility of a fatigued diaphragm in dogs. ", "23635087": "The lack of rat embryonic stem cells (ESCs) and approaches for manipulation of their genomes have restricted the ability to create new genetic models and to explore the function of a single gene in complex diseases in the laboratory rat. The recent breakthrough in isolating germline-competent ESCs from rat and subsequent demonstration of gene knockout has propelled the field forward, but such tools do not yet exist for many disease-model rat strains. Here we derive new ESCs from several commonly used rat models including the Dahl Salt Sensitive (SS), the sequenced Brown Norway (BN), and Fischer (F344) rat and establish the first germline-competent ESCs from a hypertension disease model strain, the Fawn Hooded Hypertensive (FHH) rat. Genetic manipulations including transgenesis mediated by lentivirus, routine homologous recombination, and homologous recombination mediated by zinc-finger nucleases (ZFNs) were performed effectively in FHH rat ESCs. Our results showed these rat ESC lines, isolated from inner cell masses using mechanical splitting, had germline competency; the Pparg gene locus and homologous genomic region to the mouse Rosa26 locus can be targeted effectively in these rat ESCs. Furthermore, our results also demonstrated that ZFNs increased the efficiency of proper homologous recombination in FHH rat ESCs using targeting vectors with short homology arms. These rat ESC lines and advancements in genetic manipulation pave the way to novel genetic approaches in this valuable biomedical model species and for exploration of complex disease in these strains. ", "17278100": "ATL is a fatal malignancy of T lymphocytes caused by HTLV-I infection and remains incurable. Galectins are a family of animal lectins that function both extracellularly (by interacting with cell surface and extracellular matrix glycoproteins and glycolipids) and intracellularly (by interacting with cytoplasmic and nuclear proteins) to modulate signaling pathways. We found that protease-resistant galectin-9 by modification of its linker peptide, hG9NC(null), prevented cell growth of HTLV-I-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells. The suppression of cell growth was inhibited by lactose, but not by sucrose, indicating that beta-galactoside binding is essential for hG9NC(null)-induced cell growth suppression. hG9NC(null) induced cell cycle arrest by reducing the expression of cyclin D1, cyclin D2, cyclin B1, Cdk1, Cdk4, Cdk6, Cdc25C and c-Myc, and apoptosis by reducing the expression of XIAP, c-IAP2 and survivin. Most of these genes are regulated by NF-kappaB, which plays a critical role in oncogenesis by HTLV-I. hG9NC(null) suppressed IkappaBalpha phosphorylation, resulting in suppression of NF-kappaB. Most importantly, treatment with hG9NC(null) (6.7 mg/kg injected intraperitoneally every day) reduced tumor formation from an HTLV-I-infected T-cell line when these cells were inoculated subcutaneously into SCID mice. Our results suggest that hG9NC(null) could be a suitable agent for the management of ATL.", "22897821": "Hyperglycemia and insulin resistance have been associated with a worse outcome in sepsis. Although tight glycemic control through insulin therapy has been shown to reduce morbidity and mortality rates, the effect of intensive insulin therapy in patients with severe sepsis is controversial because of the increased risk of serious adverse events related to hypoglycemia. Recently, knowledge about diacerhein, an anthraquinone drug with powerful antiinflammatory properties, revealed that this drug improves insulin sensitivity, mediated by the reversal of chronic subclinical inflammation. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether the antiinflammatory effects of diacerhein after onset of sepsis-induced glycemic alterations is beneficial and whether the survival rate is prolonged in this situation.", "27165857": "SM is a fundamental component of mammalian cell membranes that contributes to mechanical stability, signaling, and sorting. Its production involves the transfer of phosphocholine from phosphatidylcholine onto ceramide, a reaction catalyzed by SM synthase (SMS) 1 in the Golgi and SMS2 at the plasma membrane. Mammalian cells also synthesize trace amounts of the SM analog ceramide phosphoethanolamine (CPE), but the physiological relevance of CPE production is unclear. Previous work revealed that SMS2 is a bifunctional enzyme producing both SM and CPE, whereas a closely related enzyme, sphingomyelin synthase-related protein (SMSr)/SAMD8, acts as a monofunctional CPE synthase in the endoplasmatic reticulum. Using domain swapping and site-directed mutagenesis on enzymes expressed in defined lipid environments, we here identified structural determinants that mediate head group selectivity of SMS family members. Notably, a single residue adjacent to the catalytic histidine in the third exoplasmic loop profoundly influenced enzyme specificity, with glutamic acid permitting SMS-catalyzed CPE production and aspartic acid confining the enzyme to produce SM. An exchange of exoplasmic residues with SMSr proved sufficient to convert SMS1 into a bulk CPE synthase. This allowed us to establish mammalian cells that produce CPE rather than SM as the principal phosphosphingolipid and provide a model of the molecular interactions that impart catalytic specificity among SMS enzymes.", "21914790": "Skin toxicity is the main side effect of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors, often leading to dose reduction or discontinuation. We hypothesized that phosphatase inhibition in the skin keratinocytes may prevent receptor dephosphorylation caused by EGFR inhibitors and be used as a new potential strategy for the prevention or treatment of this side effect.", "19702965": "First-stage measures of depressive symptoms need to demonstrate high levels of accuracy in capturing all the facets of depressive illness in order to be maximally useful for nurses performing psychosocial assessments and for nurse researchers.", "8692921": "MRP is a recently isolated ATP-binding cassette family transporter. We previously reported transfection studies that established that MRP confers multidrug resistance [Kruh, G. D., Chan, A., Myers, K., Gaughan, K., Miki, T. & Aaronson, S. A. (1994) Cancer Res. 54, 1649-1652] and that expression of MRP is associated with enhanced cellular efflux of lipophilic cytotoxic agents [Breuninger, L. M., Paul, S., Gaughan, K., Miki, T., Chan, A., Aaronson, S. A. & Kruh, G. D. (1995) Cancer Res. 55, 5342-5347]. To examine the biochemical mechanism by which MRP confers multidrug resistance, drug uptake experiments were performed using inside-out membrane vesicles prepared from NIH 3T3 cells transfected with an MRP expression vector. ATP-dependent transport was observed for several lipophilic cytotoxic agents including daunorubicin, etoposide, and vincristine, as well as for the glutathione conjugate leukotriene C4 (LTC4). However, only marginally increased uptake was observed for vinblastine and Taxol. Drug uptake was osmotically sensitive and saturable with regard to substrate concentration, with Km values of 6.3 microM, 4.4 microM, 4.2 microM, 35 nM, and 38 microM, for daunorubicin, etoposide, vincristine, LTC4, and ATP, respectively. The broad substrate specificity of MRP was confirmed by the observation that daunorubicin transport was competitively inhibited by reduced and oxidized glutathione, the glutathione conjugates S-(p-azidophenacyl)-glutathione (APA-SG) and S-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)glutathione (DNP-SG), arsenate, and the LTD4 antagonist MK571. This study establishes that MRP pumps unaltered lipophilic cytotoxic drugs, and suggests that this activity is an important mechanism by which the transporter confers multidrug resistance. The present study also indicates that the substrate specificity of MRP is overlapping but distinct from that of P-glycoprotein, and includes both the neutral or mildly cationic natural product cytotoxic drugs and the anionic products of glutathione conjugation. The widespread expression of MRP in tissues, combined with its ability to transport both lipophilic xenobiotics and the products of phase II detoxification, indicates that the transporter represents a widespread and remarkably versatile cellular defense mechanism.", "21046465": "Non-thermal atmospheric pressure dielectric barrier discharge (DBD) plasma may provide a novel approach to treat malignancies via induction of apoptosis. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential of DBD plasma to induce apoptosis in melanoma cells. Melanoma cells were exposed to plasma at doses that did not induce necrosis, and cell viability and apoptotic activity were evaluated by Trypan blue exclusion test, Annexin-V/PI staining, caspase-3 cleavage, and TUNEL\u00ae analysis. Trypan blue staining revealed that non-thermal plasma treatment significantly decreased the viability of cells in a dose-dependent manner 3 and 24 h after plasma treatment. Annexin-V/PI staining revealed a significant increase in apoptosis in plasma-treated cells at 24, 48, and 72 h post-treatment (p < 0.001). Caspase-3 cleavage was observed 48 h post-plasma treatment at a dose of 15 J/cm(2). TUNEL\u00ae analysis of plasma-treated cells demonstrated an increase in apoptosis at 48 and 72 h post-treatment (p < 0.001) at a dose of 15 J/cm(2). Pre-treatment with N-acetyl-L: -cysteine (NAC), an intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) scavenger, significantly decreased apoptosis in plasma-treated cells at 5 and 15 J/cm(2). Plasma treatment induces apoptosis in melanoma cells through a pathway that appears to be dependent on production of intracellular ROS. DBD plasma production of intracellular ROS leads to dose-dependent DNA damage in melanoma cells, detected by \u03b3-H2AX, which was completely abrogated by pre-treating cells with ROS scavenger, NAC. Plasma-induced DNA damage in turn may lead to the observed plasma-induced apoptosis. Since plasma is non-thermal, it may be used to selectively treat malignancies.", "23364803": "Exchange proteins directly activated by cAMP [Epac(s)] were discovered more than a decade ago as new sensors for the second messenger cAMP. The Epac family members, including Epac1 and Epac2, are guanine nucleotide exchange factors for the Ras-like small GTPases Rap1 and Rap2, and they function independently of protein kinase A. Given the importance of cAMP in kidney homeostasis, several molecular and cellular studies using specific Epac agonists have analyzed the role and regulation of Epac proteins in renal physiology and pathophysiology. The specificity of the functions of Epac proteins may depend upon their expression and localization in the kidney as well as their abundance in the microcellular environment. This review discusses recent literature data concerning the involvement of Epac in renal tubular transport physiology and renal glomerular cells where various signaling pathways are known to be operative. In addition, the potential role of Epac in kidney disorders, such as diabetic kidney disease and ischemic kidney injury, is discussed.", "17056968": "As optimal pain relief after surgery is difficult to achieve with the use of just one drug, many pain experts advocate the use of two or more classes of medications so as to reduce the side effects from any one drug. In this trial, we assessed the analgesic efficacy of administering perioperative celecoxib, pregabalin, or both after spinal fusion surgery.", "10806476": "Sphingosylphosphorylcholine (SPC) is a bioactive lipid that acts as an intracellular and extracellular signalling molecule in numerous biological processes. Many of the cellular actions of SPC are believed to be mediated by the activation of unidentified G-protein-coupled receptors. Here we show that SPC is a high-affinity ligand for an orphan receptor, ovarian cancer G-protein-coupled receptor 1 (OGR1). In OGR1-transfected cells, SPC binds to OGR1 with high affinity (Kd = 33.3 nM) and high specificity and transiently increases intracellular calcium. The specific binding of SPC to OGR1 also activates p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAP kinases) and inhibits cell proliferation. In addition, SPC causes internalization of OGR1 in a structurally specific manner.", "17704142": "We make a survey of resistance of 7510 proteins to mechanical stretching at constant speed as studied within a coarse-grained molecular dynamics model. We correlate the maximum force of resistance with the native structure, predict proteins which should be especially strong, and identify the nature of their force clamps.", "28787919": "Tensile properties on ASTM A216 WCB cast steel with centerline porosity defect were studied with radiographic mapping and finite element remodeling technique. Non-linear elastic and plastic behaviors dependent on porosity were mathematically described by relevant equation sets. According to the ASTM E8 tensile test standard, matrix and defect specimens were machined into two categories by two types of height. After applying radiographic inspection, defect morphologies were mapped to the mid-sections of the finite element models and the porosity fraction fields had been generated with interpolation method. ABAQUS input parameters were confirmed by trial simulations to the matrix specimen and comparison with experimental outcomes. Fine agreements of the result curves between simulations and experiments could be observed, and predicted positions of the tensile fracture were found to be in accordance with the tests. Chord modulus was used to obtain the equivalent elastic stiffness because of the non-linear features. The results showed that elongation was the most influenced term to the defect cast steel, compared with elastic stiffness and yield stress. Additional visual explanations on the tensile fracture caused by void propagation were also given by the result contours at different mechanical stages, including distributions of Mises stress and plastic strain.", "9389277": "We studied the efficacy of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type-3 receptor antagonist, in preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after middle ear surgery. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 60 ASA I patients received placebo (saline) or granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 i.v. immediately before induction of anaesthesia (n = 30 in each group). A standard general anaesthetic technique was used. During the first 24 h after anaesthesia, the incidence of PONV in patients who had received granisetron was lower than in those who had received placebo (17% vs 63%; P < 0.05). There were no clinically important adverse effects in either group. We conclude that granisetron, given before anaesthesia, reduced the incidence of PONV after middle ear surgery.", "17892576": "The highly heterogenic characteristic of viruses is the major obstacle to efficient DNA amplification. Taking advantage of the large number of virus DNA sequences in public databases to select conserved sites for primer design is an optimal way to tackle the difficulties in virus genome amplification.", "11805921": "Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) frequently are discontinued before elective total knee arthroplasty (TKA) because of the increased incidence of perioperative bleeding. Rofecoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, does not interfere with the coagulation system and may be a safer NSAID for patients undergoing TKA. In this study, 100 patients undergoing elective TKA discontinued their use of NSAIDs 10 days before surgery and were assigned randomly to receive either placebo (n = 50) or rofecoxib (n = 50), 25 mg daily for 5 consecutive days starting 3 days before surgery. The administration of rofecoxib resulted in improved preoperative pain scores and no significant increase in the incidence of perioperative bleeding or international normalized ratio compared with placebo. Rofecoxib does not need to be discontinued before elective TKA.", "16418018": "The development of chronic pain after spinal-fusion surgery represents a significant source of morbidity. One of the predictive factors for the development of chronic postsurgical pain is inadequate acute postoperative pain management. Further, the up-regulation of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) after surgery may result in neuro-plastic changes that may contribute to a progression from acute to chronic pain. The goal of this prospective, randomized, double-blind study was to examine the effect of perioperative COX-2 inhibition on acute and chronic donor-site pain in patients undergoing spinal-fusion surgery.", "6341859": "Human T-cell leukaemia-lymphoma virus (HTLV) was first isolated in the United States from a patient with an aggressive form of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) and was later found associated with clusters of adult T-cell leukaemia-lymphomas (ATL) in various parts of the world, including Japan and the Caribbean. Leukaemic cells of the HTLV-positive patients seem to be clonal expansions of single infected cells since the provirus(es) are found at the same sites in a given patient. In avian leukosis virus-induced B-cell lymphomas, the provirus very frequently integrates at several discrete sites in a common domain near the cellular gene, c-myc, that it activates and it has been speculated that the same would hold true for other chronic leukaemia viruses. We report here that cultured cells from two US patients with CTCL and fresh leukaemia cells of a Japanese patient with ATL contained an HTLV provirus integrated at the same site. In addition, a cord blood T-lymphocyte cell line established by co-cultivation with one of the two HTLV-positive CTCL cell lines also contained HTLV provirus contiguous with the same flanking cellular sequences. Ten other HTLV-positive cell samples did not show integration of HTLV at this site, suggesting that there is more than one discrete site of HTLV integration in tumour cells.", "12477671": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) is one of the most frequent complications of general anesthesia. The aim of the study was to compare the antiemetic efficacy of dolasetron and metoclopramide after inhalational or i.v. anesthesia (IVA).", "17237224": "We have previously demonstrated that fibronectin (Fn) stimulates the proliferation of non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) cell growth through the induction of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and prostaglandin E2 secretion. Here, we demonstrate that NSCLC cells express mRNA and protein for the prostaglandin E2 receptor EP4 and that Fn enhances its stimulatory effect by inducing the expression of EP4, but not of EP1, EP2, and EP3 receptor subtypes. The effect of Fn on EP4 was inhibited by an antibody against alpha5beta1 integrin and by inhibitors of phosphoinositide 3-kinase (wortmannin) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (PD98095), but not by inhibitors of protein kinase C (calphostin C), of protein kinase A (H-89), or of mammalian target of rapamycin (rapamycin). A COX-2 small interfering RNA was also inhibitory. Fn significantly increased AP-2 binding activity in the promoter of the EP4 gene, and AP-2 antisense oligonucleotides blocked Fn-induced EP4 expression. Using full-length and mutated EP4 promoter constructs, we found that Fn stimulation of EP4 gene expression was inhibited when one AP-2 site (-1000 bp) was mutated. Fn induced nuclear AP-2alpha protein expression through multiple signaling pathways. Our results indicate that Fn-induced NSCLC cell proliferation is mediated through EP4. Furthermore, they show that Fn induces EP4 expression through the activation of alpha5beta1-dependent signals that include induction of extracellular signal-regulated kinase and phosphoinositide 3-kinase pathways as well as expression of COX-2. These events lead to activation of the transcription factor AP-2alpha, which interacts with specific regions in the EP4 gene promoter, leading to transcription of the EP4 gene.", "7947503": "To determine whether the use of human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) would reduce the recurrent miscarriage rate in women with polycystic ovarian disease.", "26436852": "Interleukin-21 (IL-21) upregulation was observed in Crohn's disease (CD) patients and was shown to contribute to ongoing mucosal inflammation in CD patients through stabilizing Th1 cell differentiation and IFN-\u03b3 production. Given the role of IL-21 in mediating adaptive B cell antibody responses in healthy individuals, we examined the effect of IL-21 upregulation in B cell responses in patients with active CD, including ileum, ileocolonic and colon subtypes, defined by the primary site of CD involvement. We first observed an upregulation of blood plasma IL-21 concentration and IL-21 production from CD4(+) T cells in CD patients compared to healthy individuals. The IL-21-expressing T cells were more concentrated in the CD4(+)CXCR5(+) compartment, both in unstimulated medium and after stimulation with SEB. ICOS and PD-1 expressions were also concentrated in the CD4(+)CXCR5(+) subset in CD patients. Since peripheral blood CD4(+)CXCR5(+) T cell-mediated antibody secretion is IL-21-dependent, we examined the plasma antibody concentration in CD patients and healthy controls. We found that CD patients had significantly higher plasma Ig level than healthy patients, with no significant differences between different CD subtypes. Higher plasma IL-21 concentration and increased IL-21 production from CD4(+) T cells were directly correlated with higher plasma antibody levels. Moreover, we found that IL-21 and CD4(+)CXCR5(+) T cells can directly enhance B cell antibody response in CD patients. Depletion of secreted IL-21 by sIL-21R addition compromised the CD4(+)CXCR5(+) T cell-mediated increase in antibody production. Together, our results demonstrated a novel role of IL-21 in mediating B cell inflammation in CD development. ", "22070530": "The aim of the present study was to compare the efficacy of placental alpha-microglobulin-1 (PAMG-1) rapid immunoassay with conventional standard methods for the diagnosis of rupture of membranes (ROM).", "23438597": "Recombination-activating gene 1 protein (RAG1) and RAG2 are critical enzymes for initiating variable-diversity-joining (VDJ) segment recombination, an essential process for antigen receptor expression and lymphocyte development. The transcription factor BCL11A is required for B cell development, but its molecular function(s) in B cell fate specification and commitment is unknown. We show here that the major B cell isoform, BCL11A-XL, binds the RAG1 promoter and Erag enhancer to activate RAG1 and RAG2 transcription in pre-B cells. We employed BCL11A overexpression with recombination substrates in a cultured pre-B cell line as well as Cre recombinase-mediated Bcl11a(lox/lox) deletion in explanted murine pre-B cells to demonstrate direct consequences of BCL11A/RAG modulation on V(D)J recombination. We conclude that BCL11A is a critical component of a transcriptional network that regulates B cell fate by controlling V(D)J recombination.", "19358990": "To evaluate the efficacy of administering a low dose of propofol at the end of surgery in preventing postoperative nausea/vomiting in women undergoing gynecologic laparoscopic surgery.", "25339151": "Osteoclastogenesis is a complex process that is highly dependent on the dynamic regulation of the actin cytoskeleton. Adseverin (Ads), a member of the gelsolin superfamily of actin-binding proteins, regulates actin remodeling by severing and capping actin filaments. The objective of the present study was to characterize the role of Ads during osteoclastogenesis by assessing Ads expression and using a knockdown strategy. Immunoblot analyses were used to examine Ads expression during osteoclastogenesis. A stable Ads knockdown macrophage cell line was generated using a retroviral shRNA construct. Osteoclast differentiation was morphologically examined via cell staining with osteoclast specific markers and light microscopy. The results showed that Ads expression was significantly increased in response to receptor activator of nuclear factor-\u03baB ligand during osteoclastogenesis, and Ads was highly expressed in mature osteoclasts. Ads-knockdown macrophages showed major osteoclastogenesis defects, most likely caused by a pre-osteoclast fusion defect. These results indicate that Ads deficiency in monocytes inhibits osteoclastogenesis. Thus, in future studies it could be noteworthy to investigate the function of Ads in bone marrow monocytes during osteoclastogenesis.", "11461904": "Tumor necrosis factor superfamily member TRAIL/Apo-2L has recently been shown to induce apoptosis in transformed and cancer cells. Some prostate cancer cells express constitutively active Akt/protein kinase B due to a complete loss of lipid phosphatase PTEN gene, a negative regulator of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase pathway. Constitutively active Akt promotes cellular survival and resistance to chemotherapy and radiation. We have recently noticed that some human prostate cancer cells are resistant to TRAIL. We therefore examined the intracellular mechanisms of cellular resistance to TRAIL. The cell lines expressing the highest level of constitutively active Akt were more resistant to undergo apoptosis by TRAIL than those expressing the lowest level. Down-regulation of constitutively active Akt by phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitors, wortmannin and LY294002, reversed cellular resistance to TRAIL. Treatment of resistant cells with cycloheximide (a protein synthesis inhibitor) rendered cells sensitive to TRAIL. Transfecting dominant negative Akt decreased Akt activity and increased TRAIL-induced apoptosis in cells with high Akt activity. Conversely, transfecting constitutively active Akt into cells with low Akt activity increased Akt activity and attenuated TRAIL-induced apoptosis. Inhibition of TRAIL sensitivity occurs at the level of BID cleavage, as caspase-8 activity was not affected. Enforced expression of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 or Bcl-X(L) inhibited TRAIL-induced mitochondrial dysfunction and apoptosis. We therefore identify Akt as a constitutively active kinase that promotes survival of prostate cancer cells and demonstrate that modulation of Akt activity, by pharmacological or genetic approaches, alters the cellular responsiveness to TRAIL. Thus, TRAIL in combination with agents that down-regulate Akt activity can be used to treat prostate cancer.", "24347921": "Cardiac glycosides are used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and arrhythmia. Current trend shows use of some cardiac glycosides in the treatment of proliferative diseases, which includes cancer. Nerium oleander L. is an important Chinese folk medicine having well proven cardio protective and cytotoxic effect. Oleandrin (a toxic cardiac glycoside of N. oleander L.) inhibits the activity of nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B chain (NF-\u03baB) in various cultured cell lines (U937, CaOV3, human epithelial cells and T cells) as well as it induces programmed cell death in PC3 cell line culture. The mechanism of action includes improved cellular export of fibroblast growth factor-2, induction of apoptosis through Fas gene expression in tumor cells, formation of superoxide radicals that cause tumor cell injury through mitochondrial disruption, inhibition of interleukin-8 that mediates tumorigenesis and induction of tumor cell autophagy. The present review focuses the applicability of oleandrin in cancer treatment and concerned future perspective in the area. ", "19694877": "To evaluate further the psychometric properties of the Chinese version of the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) as a screening instrument for anxiety and depression in Chinese patients with coronary heart disease in Xian, China.", "26002719": "The yeast exocyst is a multiprotein complex comprised of eight subunits (Sec3, Sec5, Sec6, Sec8, Sec10, Sec15, Exo70, and Exo84) which orchestrates trafficking of exocytic vesicles to specific docking sites on the plasma membrane during polarized secretion. To study SEC6 function in Candida albicans, we generated a conditional mutant strain in which SEC6 was placed under the control of a tetracycline-regulated promoter. In the repressed state, the tetR-SEC6 mutant strain (denoted tSEC6) was viable for up to 27 h; thus, all phenotypic analyses were performed at 24 h or earlier. Strain tSEC6 under repressing conditions had readily apparent defects in cytokinesis and endocytosis and accumulated both post-Golgi apparatus secretory vesicles and structures suggestive of late endosomes. Strain tSEC6 was markedly defective in secretion of aspartyl proteases and lipases as well as filamentation under repressing conditions. Lack of SEC6 expression resulted in markedly reduced lateral hyphal branching, which requires the establishment of a new axis of polarized secretion. Aberrant localization of chitin at the septum and increased resistance to zymolyase activity were observed, suggesting that C. albicans Sec6 plays an important role in mediating trafficking and delivery of cell wall components. The tSEC6 mutant was also markedly defective in macrophage killing, indicating a role of SEC6 in C. albicans virulence. Taken together, these studies indicate that the late secretory protein Sec6 is required for polarized secretion, hyphal morphogenesis, and the pathogenesis of C. albicans. ", "27460898": "During pregnancy, maternal \u03b2-cells undergo compensatory changes, including increased \u03b2-cell mass and enhanced glucose-stimulated insulin secretion. Failure of these adaptations to occur results in gestational diabetes mellitus. The secreted protein connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) is critical for normal \u03b2-cell development and promotes regeneration after partial \u03b2-cell ablation. During embryogenesis, CTGF is expressed in pancreatic ducts, vasculature, and \u03b2-cells. In adult pancreas, CTGF is expressed only in the vasculature. Here we show that pregnant mice with global Ctgf haploinsufficiency (Ctgf(LacZ/+)) have an impairment in maternal \u03b2-cell proliferation; no difference was observed in virgin Ctgf(LacZ/+) females. Using a conditional CTGF allele, we found that mice with a specific inactivation of CTGF in endocrine cells (Ctgf(\u0394Endo)) develop gestational diabetes during pregnancy, but this is due to a reduction in glucose-stimulated insulin secretion rather than impaired maternal \u03b2-cell proliferation. Moreover, virgin Ctgf(\u0394Endo) females also display impaired GSIS with glucose intolerance, indicating that underlying \u03b2-cell dysfunction precedes the development of gestational diabetes in this animal model. This is the first time a role for CTGF in \u03b2-cell function has been reported.", "20161852": "Mucosa-associated epithelial chemokine (MEC; CCL28) is considered pivotal in mediating migration of CCR3 and CCR10-expressing skin-homing memory CLA(+) T cells. CCL28 is selectively and continuously expressed by epidermal keratinocytes, but highly upregulated in inflammatory skin diseases such as atopic dermatitis (AD).", "22578515": "Valuable pharmaceutical proteins produced from the mammary glands of transgenic livestock have potential use in the biomedical industry. In this study, recombinant human clotting factor IX (rhFIX) produced from transgenic sow milk for preclinical animal studies have been established. The transgenic sow milk was skimmed and treated with sodium phosphate buffer to remove abundant casein protein. Then, the \u03b3-carboxylated rhFIX fraction was segregated through the Q Sepharose chromatography from uncarboxylated one. For safety issue, the process included virus inactivation by solvent/detergent (S/D) treatment. Subsequently, the S/D treated sample was loaded into the Heparin Sepharose column to recover the rhFIX fraction, which was then reapplied to the Heparin Sepharose column to enhance rhFIX purity and lower the ratio of activated form rhFIX (rhFIXa) easily. This was possible due to the higher affinity of the Heparin affinity sorbent for rhFIXa than for the rhFIX zymogen. Furthermore, an IgA removal column was used to eliminate porcine IgA in purified rhFIX. Finally, nanofiltration was performed for viral clearance. Consequently, a high-quality rhFIX product was produced (approximately 700 mg per batch). Other values for final rhFIX preparation were as follows: purity, >99%; average specific activity, 415.6\u00b157.7 IU/mL and total milk impurity, <0.5 ng/mg. This is the first report that described the whole process and stable production of bioactive rhFIX from transgenic sow milk. The overall manufacturing process presented here has the potential for industrial production of rhFIX for treatment of hemophilia B patients.", "17114467": "Helicobacter pylori infection is associated with the local production of chemokines and cytokines, of which IL-6 is overexpressed at the margin of gastric ulcer in H. pylori-positive gastritis. Cells of the monocytic lineage are the major sources of IL-6, and mononuclear cell infiltration in the lamina propria is characteristic of H. pylori-induced chronic infection. Our study shows for the first time that a secreted peptidyl prolyl cis-, trans-isomerase, HP0175 elicits IL-6 gene expression and IL-6 release from macrophages. An isogenic strain inactivated in the HP0175 gene (knockout) was attenuated in its IL-6-inducing ability, which was restored after complementation with the HP0175 gene. The specificity of the HP0175-induced effect was confirmed by the fact that rHP0175 purified from HEK293 cells could also induce IL-6 release, ruling out the possibility that the observed effect was due to bacterial contaminants. HP0175 was capable of interacting directly with the extracellular domain of TLR4. HP0175-induced IL-6 gene expression was critically dependent on TLR4-dependent NF-kappaB and MAPK activation. TLR4/PI3K-dependent ERK1/2 and p38 MAPK signaling converged upon activation of mitogen- and stress-activated protein kinase 1 (MSK1). The central role of MSK1 was borne out by the fact that silencing of MSK1 expression abrogated HP0175-mediated NF-kappaB-dependent IL-6 gene transcription. MSK1 regulated the recruitment of p65 and phopho-Ser(10)-histone H3 to the IL-6 promoter. HP0175 therefore regulated IL-6 gene transcription through chromatin modification at the IL-6 promoter.", "19181022": "The health care quality chasm is better described as a gulf for certain segments of the population, such as racial and ethnic minority groups, given the gap between actual care received and ideal or best care quality. The landmark Institute of Medicine report Crossing the Quality Chasm: A New Health System for the 21st Century challenges all health care organizations to pursue six major aims of health care improvement: safety, timeliness, effectiveness, efficiency, equity, and patient-centeredness. \"Equity\" aims to ensure that quality care is available to all and that the quality of care provided does not differ by race, ethnicity, or other personal characteristics unrelated to a patient's reason for seeking care. Baylor Health Care System is in the unique position of being able to examine the current state of equity in a typical health care delivery system and to lead the way in health equity research. Its organizational vision, \"culture of quality,\" and involved leadership bode well for achieving equitable best care. However, inequities in access, use, and outcomes of health care must be scrutinized; the moral, ethical, and economic issues they raise and the critical injustice they create must be remedied if this goal is to be achieved. Eliminating any observed inequities in health care must be synergistically integrated with quality improvement. Quality performance indicators currently collected and evaluated indicate that Baylor Health Care System often performs better than the national average. However, there are significant variations in care by age, gender, race/ethnicity, and socioeconomic status that indicate the many remaining challenges in achieving \"best care\" for all.", "21824890": "In photodynamic diagnosis, 5-aminolevulinic acid (5-ALA) is widely used for the fluorescence-guided resection of malignant brain tumors, where 5-ALA is converted to protoporphyrin IX, which exhibits strong fluorescence. Little is known, however, about the detailed molecular mechanisms underlying 5-ALA-induced fluorescence. To resolve this issue, we analyzed transcriptome profiles for the genes encoding enzymes, transporters, and a transcription factor involved in the porphyrin-biosynthesis pathway. By quantitative real-time (qRT)-PCR, we measured the mRNA levels of those genes in a total of 20 tumor samples that had been surgically resected from brain tumor patients at the Department of Neurosurgery of Osaka Medical College from 2008 to 2009. We selected 10 tumor samples with no 5-ALA-induced fluorescence, among which 2 were glioblastomas and 8 were metastatic brain tumors. Another 10 tumor samples were selected with strong fluorescence, among which 7 were glioblastomas and 3 were metastatic brain tumors. The qRT-PCR analysis study of these latter 10 samples revealed predominantly high levels of the mRNA of the coproporphyrinogen oxidase (CPOX) gene. The high mRNA level of CPOX expression was significantly well correlated with the phenotype of strong 5-ALA-induced fluorescence (P = .0003). These findings were further confirmed by immunohistochemical studies with a CPOX-specific antibody. It is concluded that induction of CPOX gene expression is one of the key molecular mechanisms underlying the 5-ALA-induced fluorescence of malignant brain tumors. The induction mechanism for the CPOX gene in brain tumors remains to be elucidated.", "16557440": "Propofol anesthesia based on target-controlled-infusion (TCI) has been shown to be superior to a manually-controlled-infusion (MCI) technique. A new optimal-target-controlled-infusion (OTCI) technique enables an individual plasma-targeted adjustment by including the concentration in the effect-compartment. This study compared practicability and costs of the new system with a conventional MCI-based propofol anesthesia regimen.", "15256470": "A naturally occurring human antibody potentiates dendritic cell function on cross-linking B7-DC (PD-L2), supporting robust T-cell responses in vitro. Moreover, treatment of dendritic cells with B7-DC cross-linking antibody resulted in secretion of interleukin-12, suggesting a TH1 polarization of this response. Here we show an in vivo immunotherapeutic effect of this B7-DC cross-linking antibody using a poorly immunogenic B16 melanoma tumor model. Treatment of mice systemically with antibody at the time of tumor cell engraftment prevented tumor growth in a CD4 and CD8 T-cell-dependent manner. The protective effect of B7-DC cross-linking antibody treatment was independent of endogenous antibody responses. Tumor-specific CTL precursors could be isolated from lymph nodes draining the tumor site in animals treated with B7-DC cross-linking antibody, but not from those treated with isotype control antibodies. The elicited antitumor responses in vivo were specific and long-lasting. More strikingly, treatment of mice with B7-DC cross-linking antibody after the tumors were established in the lungs resulted in protection in a CD8-, perforin-, and granzyme B-dependent fashion. Depletion of natural killer cells did not block the effects of treatment with B7-DC cross-linking antibody. Together, these findings demonstrate that cross-linking B7-DC with the human IgM antibody sHIgM12 can induce a protective immune response against a weakly antigenic experimental tumor and therefore has potential as a novel immunotherapeutic approach for treating cancer.", "18818438": "Human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 1 (HTLV-1) is an oncogenic retrovirus and the etiologic agent of adult T-cell leukemia (ATL), an aggressive CD4(+) malignancy. HTLV-2 is highly homologous to HTLV-1; however, infection with HTLV-2 has not been associated with lymphoproliferative diseases. Although HTLV-1 infection of CD4(+) lymphocytes induces cellular replication and transformation, infection of CD34(+) human hematopoietic progenitor cells (HPCs) strikingly results in G(0)/G(1) cell cycle arrest and suppression of in vitro clonogenic colony formation by induction of expression of the cdk inhibitor p21(cip1/waf1) (p21) and concurrent repression of survivin. Immature CD34(+)/CD38(-) hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) were more susceptible to alterations of p21 and survivin expression as a result of HTLV-1 infection, in contrast to more mature CD34(+)/CD38(+) HPCs. Knockdown of p21 expression in HTLV-1-infected CD34(+) HPCs partially abrogated cell cycle arrest. Notably, HTLV-2, an HTLV strain that is not associated with leukemogenesis, does not significantly modulate p21 and survivin expression and does not suppress hematopoiesis from CD34(+) HPCs in vitro. We speculate that the remarkable differences in the activities displayed by CD34(+) HPCs following infection with HTLV-1 or HTLV-2 suggest that HTLV-1 uniquely exploits cell cycle arrest mechanisms to establish a latent infection in hematopoietic progenitor/hematopoietic stem cells and initiates preleukemic events in these cells, which eventually results in the manifestation of ATL.", "24708487": "Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most lethal and prevalent cancers in human population. The 6-fluoro-3-formylchromone (FCC) has been shown to have anti-tumor activity against various tumor cells. However, the effects of FCC on HCC cell lines have not yet been reported. This study aims to research the effects of FCC on HCC and advance the understanding of the molecular mechanism.", "23815562": "Hypertension is known to be one of the main risk factors for cardiovascular disease.", "19031451": "Serum Gc protein (known as vitamin D3-binding protein) is the precursor for the principal macrophage activating factor (MAF). The MAF precursor activity of serum Gc protein of HIV-infected patients was lost or reduced because Gc protein is deglycosylated by alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase (Nagalase) secreted from HIV-infected cells. Therefore, macrophages of HIV-infected patients having deglycosylated Gc protein cannot be activated, leading to immunosuppression. Since Nagalase is the intrinsic component of the envelope protein gp120, serum Nagalase activity is the sum of enzyme activities carried by both HIV virions and envelope proteins. These Nagalase carriers were already complexed with anti-HIV immunoglobulin G (IgG) but retained Nagalase activity that is required for infectivity. Stepwise treatment of purified Gc protein with immobilized beta-galactosidase and sialidase generated the most potent macrophage activating factor (termed GcMAF), which produces no side effects in humans. Macrophages activated by administration of 100 ng GcMAF develop a large amount of Fc-receptors as well as an enormous variation of receptors that recognize IgG-bound and unbound HIV virions. Since latently HIV-infected cells are unstable and constantly release HIV virions, the activated macrophages rapidly intercept the released HIV virions to prevent reinfection resulting in exhaustion of infected cells. After less than 18 weekly administrations of 100 ng GcMAF for nonanemic patients, they exhibited low serum Nagalase activities equivalent to healthy controls, indicating eradication of HIV-infection, which was also confirmed by no infectious center formation by provirus inducing agent-treated patient PBMCs. No recurrence occurred and their healthy CD + cell counts were maintained for 7 years.", "25421212": "Stromal cell-derived factor 1 (SDF-1)/CXCR4 ligand-receptor axis is widely recommended as an attractive target for cancer therapy. Meanwhile, epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) process is linked to disease pathophysiology. As one of inhibitors of apoptosis proteins, survivin is implicated in the onset and development of cancer. In the present study, we tried to determine the cause-effect associations between SDF-1/CXCR4 axis and survivin expression in glioblastoma U-251 cell line. Survivin activation and inhibition were induced with exogenous SDF-1 and survivin small interfering RNA (survivin siRNA), respectively. Western blot was used to detect relevant proteins in SDF-1/CXCR4 axis. Western blot analysis revealed that survivin expression in U-251 increased in a dose- and time-dependent manner in response to SDF-1 treatment. However, the interference with MEK/ERK and PI3K/AKT pathway prohibited SDF-1-induced survivin up-regulation. Importantly, survivin knockdown abrogated cell cycle progression and the expression of snail and N-cadherin, compared with non-transfectants. In conclusion, the present study shows that SDF-1 up-regulates survivin via MEK/ERK and PI3K/AKT pathway, leading to cell cycle progression and EMT occurrence dependent on survivin. The blockade of survivin will allow for the treatment of glioblastoma. ", "12625310": "In a randomised, double-blind study we compared the efficacy of continuous remifentanil infusion (0.25 microg x kg(-1) x min(-1) with 40 mg lidocaine and placebo in the prevention of injection pain due to intravenous propofol administration (1.5-2 mg x kg(-1)) in 155 patients scheduled for elective surgery. Pain severity was evaluated using a four-point scale. The incidence of injection pain was 62% in the placebo group and could be reduced significantly by using remifentanil (30%; p < 0.0015) or lidocaine (33%; p < 0.005). Analysis of the pain scores showed a significant difference between remifentanil and placebo (p < 0.00005) as well as between lidocaine and placebo (p < 0.0002). There was no significant difference between remifentanil and lidocaine. Remifentanil provided effective pain relief, comparable with lidocaine, and is an alternative as part of an intravenous anaesthesia regimen to using another concomitant drug.", "7521696": "Transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) is a potent inhibitor of growth factor-stimulated hematopoiesis in normal and leukemic conditions. Using the factor-dependent myelogenous leukemia cell lines GF-D8 and Mo7, we show that TGF-beta interferes with stem cell factor (SCF)-induced proliferation by downmodulating c-jun gene expression. The ability of SCF to induce accumulation of c-jun transcripts was abolished when TGF-beta was present in culture. Transcriptional nuclear run-on assays indicated that TGF-beta relieved the capacity of SCF to enhance the transcriptional rate of the c-jun gene. Deletion analysis of the c-jun promoter furthermore showed that SCF was activating the c-jun promoter via the NF-jun transcription factor. Gel mobility shift assays showed that SCF increased the binding activity of NF-jun to its recognition site within 5 to 15 minutes. Binding activity peaked at 1 hour after exposure to SCF and declined to starting levels within 4 hours. The ability of SCF to enhance NF-jun binding activity was also dose-dependent in the range of 5 to 100 ng/mL. Exposure of GF-D8 and Mo7 cells to TGF-beta before the addition of SCF antagonized SCF-induced NF-jun binding. Moreover, whereas SCF was capable of functionally activating a heterologous promoter containing the NF-jun binding site, pretreatment of GF-D8 cells with TGF-beta abolished transcriptional activation of this heterologous promoter. These findings indicate that SCF-mediated activation of c-jun via NF-jun is crucial for the SCF-inducible proliferative response and is inhibited by TGF-beta. In additional experiments, the antisense technique was used. Treatment of GF-D8 and Mo7 cells with an antisense oligodeoxyribonucleotide directed against the translation initiation site of c-jun abolished the capacity of SCF to induce a proliferative response, whereas sense and nonsense oligomers had no effect. Taken together, our data indicate that the counteracting modulation of the binding activity of NF-jun by SCF and TGF-beta regulates the expression of the c-jun gene and thereby the proliferative state of the GF-D8 and Mo7 target.", "18089389": "The amount of newborn blood that can be collected from a single cord donor is limited, but a significant amount remains in the placenta. We used a simplified perfusion method to collect this additional blood. Umbilical cord blood from 15 newborns was collected before placental delivery by umbilical vein puncture. After delivery, the placenta was placed on sterile gauze and 63 mL of citrate-phosphate-dextrose-adenine anticoagulant were injected into the umbilical vein that was then clamped near the placenta. The placenta was gently massaged, hung over a sterile vessel, and the umbilical cord cut sterilely near the embryonic surface. Additional blood was collected into the sterile vessel by pressuring a gauze bag around the placenta. We assessed the contribution of this second fraction to the total volume, total nucleated cell (NC), CD34+, hematopoietic progenitors cell, and colony forming unit count and bacterial contamination risk. The total collected volume was 127.3 mL (range 92-170) and the NC content was 1.6+/-0.73x10(9). The mean second fraction contribution from 15 units to the total nucleated and mononuclear cell content was 54+/-9.87% and 54+/-9.52%, respectively. The added percentage of CD34+ and hematopoietic progenitor cells was 54.3+/-10.35% and 46.7+/-11.5%, respectively, while the additional percentages of colony forming-granulocyte macrophage and colony forming-erythroid in the second fraction were 43.2+/-5.5% and 39.8+/-4.3%, respectively, indicating that the cells collected after placental perfusion (second fraction) had similar HPC content and in vitro hematopoietic potential. The method did not increase the risk of bacterial contamination.", "20391342": "Temporal and spatial regulation of gene expression during endospore formation in Bacillus subtilis prompted us to investigate the molecular mechanisms that coordinate the phosphorelay. We targeted KinA for random mutagenesis. In addition, we constructed KinA-GFP transcriptional fusions for verification, via fluorescence. Four distinct types of sporulation-defective mutants were identified as inactive (no sporulation), hypoactive (low sporulation efficiency), isoactive (same efficiency as wild-type), and hyperactive (high efficiency) mutants. Surprisingly, the beta-galactosidase activity of hyperactive mutants was barely greater than that of the wild-type strain; the only noticeable difference was early synthesis of KinA, which could allow them to activate Spo0A precociously, undergo sporulation earlier, and yield more spores. There was no fluorescence emission by the spore-defective mutant, which confirmed the presence of a truncated KinA (nonsense mutation) in inactive strains; other mutants harbored missense or silent mutations. We determined the nucleotide sequences of KinA mutants and found a conserved C-terminus region; more variability was observed in the N-terminus region, involving the PAS-A and PAS-C domains. We speculate that PAS-A, notwithstanding its ATPase activity, has only a minor role in KinA activity, whereas PAS-B was found to be indispensable. Our results emphasize the importance of temporal coordination of gene expression during the sporulation process and corroborate the necessity of Spo0A phosphorylation by KinA, which stimulates SpoIIG expression. We further propose a novel hypothetical model that purposely dubbed the \"C-shaped intertwined model\", which requires both homodimerization and spatial proximity between PAS-A and histidine H(405) of two different KinA molecules.", "10077615": "Most biological information is contained within gene and genome sequences. However, current methods for analyzing these data are limited primarily to the prediction of coding regions and identification of sequence similarities. We have developed a computer algorithm, CoSMoS (for context sensitive motif searches), which adds context sensitivity to sequence motif searches. CoSMoS was challenged to identify genes encoding peroxisome-associated and oleate-induced genes in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Specifically, we searched for genes capable of encoding proteins with a type 1 or type 2 peroxisomal targeting signal and for genes containing the oleate-response element, a cis-acting element common to fatty acid-regulated genes. CoSMoS successfully identified 7 of 8 known PTS-containing peroxisomal proteins and 13 of 14 known oleate-regulated genes. More importantly, CoSMoS identified an additional 18 candidate peroxisomal proteins and 300 candidate oleate-regulated genes. Preliminary localization studies suggest that these include at least 10 previously unknown peroxisomal proteins. Phenotypic studies of selected gene disruption mutants suggests that several of these new peroxisomal proteins play roles in growth on fatty acids, one is involved in peroxisome biogenesis and at least two are required for synthesis of lysine, a heretofore unrecognized role for peroxisomes. These results expand our understanding of peroxisome content and function, demonstrate the utility of CoSMoS for context-sensitive motif scanning, and point to the benefits of improved in silico genome analysis.", "25365407": "Age at natural menopause (ANM), a highly heritable phenotype, has been identified to be closely associated with major hormone-related diseases, including breast cancer and gynecological cancers. We previously identified an important role for the transforming growth factor, \u03b2 receptor II (TGFBR2) gene polymorphisms in breast cancer susceptibility among Asian women. Considering the important role of ANM in breast carcinogenesis, we hypothesized that TGFBR2 signals were involved in the formation of natural menopause.In a population-based study of 1844 Chinese women, we evaluated the effect of the genetic polymorphisms of TGFBR2 and miR-518 to determine if they are associated with ANM, premature ovarian failure (POF), and early menopause (EM) risk.No significant differences in the distribution of body mass index, education levels, smoking, drinking, and hypertension were detected between POF and EM cases and controls except for POF cases that were older (P\u2009=\u20090.015) than controls and more likely to have dyslipidemia (P\u2009=\u20090.002). The results showed that miR-518 rs7256241 was significantly associated with ANM. The carriers of minor allele G of rs7256241 have significantly higher ANM than those of the major allele homozygotes TT (\u03b2\u2009=\u20090.385, P\u2009=\u20090.035). TGFBR2 rs3773661 was significantly associated with POF, with odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) of 0.66 (0.47-0.94) associated with per minor allele C (P\u2009=\u20090.023). The quartiles of genetic risk score were significantly associated with POF (OR, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.02-1.58; Ptrend\u2009=\u20090.034). Sensitivity analyses confirmed the robustness of these findings and no significant interactions were detected.This study provides evidence to implicate TGFBR2 and miR-518 gene polymorphisms as novel susceptibility factors for ANM, POF, and EM in Asians. Further research on these genetic regions will enhance our understanding of the genetic basis of natural menopause. ", "16360453": "Bladder cancer represents a major health problem throughout the world, but advances in tumor biomarker development are revolutionizing how physicians diagnose the disease. We previously used an indirect immunoassay to demonstrate that the bladder cancer specific biomarker, BLCA-4, is present in urine samples from patients with bladder cancer, but not in samples from healthy individuals. In this study, a sandwich immunoassay was used to measure BLCA-4 in urine samples from patient populations with various urologic conditions and healthy individuals.", "15041987": "The purpose of this study was to prospectively and randomly compare tension-free vaginal tape (TVT) with transobturator suburethral tape (T.O.T.) for the surgical treatment of stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.", "26215876": "Depression is found to be associated with up-regulation of inflammatory cytokines. However, the relationship in high grade glioma (HGG) patients is still unclear. In this prospective study, a total 132 HGG patients participated in blood sample collection for inflammatory cytokines detection by ELISA, mental status, quality of life (QOL) and physical functional status testing. The association between inflammatory cytokines and depression risk was assessed using conditional logistic regression. The incidences of depressive symptoms and depression in high grade glioama patients were 45.5 and 25\u00a0% respectively during 12\u00a0months follow-up. We found the risk of depression was elevated with increased C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in high grade glioma patients after adjustment of confounders. The serum levels of CRP and IL-6 in patients with transient depression and depression were higher than those without depressive symptoms. In addition, depression had significant effects on the survival, QOL and physical functional status of patients. Depression is prevalent among patients with HGG. The present study suggests that serum CRP and IL-6 may serve as a depression marker for HGG patients. The survival and quality of life of HGG patients may be improved by an effective management for depression. ", "11802188": "This study was carried out to describe the safety and efficacy of intramuscular syntometrine (oxytocin plus ergometrine) compared to intravenous oxytocin for prevention of postpartum hemorrhage, and the difference between administration at the end of the 2nd stage of labor compared with that after delivery of the placenta.", "16885199": "Budesonide (an anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid), R115777 (a farnesyl transferase inhibitor, Zarnestra, Tipifarnib) or combinations of them were evaluated for prevention of lung tumors and for modulation of DNA methylation in tumors. Lung tumors were induced by vinyl carbamate in female strain A mice. One week later, mice received 60 or 100 mg/kg R115777 by oral gavage and 5 days/week, 0.8 or 1.6 mg/kg of budesonide in their diet, or their combined treatment until killed at 20, 28 and 36 weeks after administering the vinyl carbamate. Other mice were administered the drugs for 2 weeks before killing at Week 20. At Week 20, the rank order for prevention of lung tumors was the combined treatment > budesonide > R115777. At later killings, R115777 was no longer effective, whereas budesonide and the combinations continued to prevent tumors, albeit at a reduced efficacy. DNA hypomethylation in lung tumors was prevented by treatment with R115777, budesonide and the combinations. When administered starting at Week 18 to tumor-bearing mice, the drugs reversed DNA hypomethylation in the tumors. In summary, combined treatment with budesonide and R115777 produced the following results: (i) it was more efficacious in preventing lung tumors than the individual drugs; and (ii) it prevented and reversed DNA hypomethylation in lung tumors. These results support the combined use of budesonide and R115777 in prevention of lung tumors and suggest that reversal of DNA hypomethylation in lung tumors would be useful as a surrogate end-point biomarker for prevention.", "24937940": "Acute kidney injury is a common complication in cirrhotic patients. Serum creatinine is a poor biomarker for detection of renal impairment in cirrhotic patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate Urinary Neutrophils Gelatinase-Associated Lipocalin (NGAL) and Urinary interleukin-18 (IL-18) as early biomarkers of acute kidney injury in cirrhotic patients.", "16508386": "The clinical availability of injectable cyclooxygenase inhibitors allows examination of the importance of cyclooxygenase 1 and 2 after surgery. The authors hypothesize that spinal prostaglandin E2 increases with lower extremity vascular surgery and that spinal prostaglandin E2 decreases with intravenous postsurgical administration of either a mixed cyclooxygenase 1/2 inhibitor (ketorolac) or a cyclooxygenase 2 selective inhibitor (parecoxib).", "11527656": "To determine whether supplementation with vitamins and trace elements in modest amounts influences cognitive function in apparently healthy, elderly subjects.", "19015157": "Insulin deficiency in type I diabetes may lead to cognitive impairment, cerebral atrophy and white matter abnormalities. We studied the impact of a novel delivery system using intranasal insulin (I-I) in a mouse model of type I diabetes (streptozotocin-induced) for direct targeting of pathological and cognitive deficits while avoiding potential adverse systemic effects. Daily I-I, subcutaneous insulin (S-I) or placebo in separate cohorts of diabetic and non-diabetic CD1 mice were delivered over 8 months of life. Radio-labelled insulin delivery revealed that I-I delivered more rapid and substantial insulin levels within the cerebrum with less systemic insulin detection when compared with S-I. I-I delivery slowed development of cognitive decline within weekly cognitive/behavioural testing, ameliorated monthly magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities, prevented quantitative morphological abnormalities in cerebrum, improved mouse mortality and reversed diabetes-mediated declines in mRNA and protein for phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt and for protein levels of the transcription factors cyclic AMP response element binding protein (CREB) and glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (GSK-3beta) within different cerebral regions. Although the murine diabetic brain was not subject to cellular loss, a diabetes-mediated loss of protein and mRNA for the synaptic elements synaptophysin and choline acetyltransferase was prevented with I-I delivery. As a mechanism of delivery, I-I accesses the brain readily and slows the development of diabetes-induced brain changes as compared to S-I delivery. This therapy and delivery mode, available in humans, may be of clinical utility for the prevention of pathological changes in the diabetic human brain.", "12822012": "Morbidity and mortality from oral cancer is still considerable, and has not improved significantly over the last four or five decades. Early preventive intervention in persons at high risk may improve treatment results.", "27862525": "min ). The mathematical functions may assign APW parameters to decreased NO bioavailability. This may have predictive or diagnostic value.", "17450507": "Ischemic heart diseases are the leading cause of death in both developed and developing countries over the past decades. The aim of this study was to investigate the cardioprotective effects of the complex preparation (called Shenge), made of puerarin and Danshensu, on acute ischemic myocardial injury in rats and its underlying mechanisms. The left anterior descending (LAD) coronary artery was occluded to induce myocardial ischemia in hearts of SD rats. Shenge was injected into the tail vein 15 min after occlusion at doses of 0, 30, 60 or 120 mg/kg. Then, the ST elevation was measured at 60, 120 and 240 min after Shenge administration. The infarct size, serum levels of creatine kinase isoenzyme-MB (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), superoxide dismutase (SOD) and malondialdehyde (MDA), and the ST elevation were measured after the rats were killed. Shenge decreased the ST elevation induced by acute myocardial ischemia, reduced infarct size, serum levels of CK-MB, LDH and MDA and increased the serum activity of SOD in a dose-dependent manner. The combined use of puerarin and Danshensu at a ratio of 1:1 shows the most effective activity. In conclusion, Shenge exerts significant cardioprotective effects against acute ischemic myocardial injury in rats, likely through its antioxidant and antilipid peroxidation properties, and thus may be used as an effective and promising medicine for both prophylaxis and treatment of ischemic heart disease.", "9299469": "NKR-P1 represent a family of activating receptors in rodent natural killer cells related to C-type animal lectins. We identify here the elements involved in the reactivity of the major receptor of rat, NKR-P1A, with N-linked oligosaccharides of glycoproteins. Plate inhibition assays with isolated, structurally defined N-glycans as inhibitors of binding of NKR-P1A to GlcNAc16-BSA revealed that the removal of both the external sialic acids and the penultimate galactose residues resulted in attaining of significant inhibitory activities. Surprisingly, additional plate inhibition and glycoprotein overlay experiments brought evidence that the core chitobiose, depending on its substitution, can per se support the interaction with NKR-P1A. In a series of linear chitooligomers (n = 2-7), the inhibitory activities reached a maximum for the chitotetraose. The ability of NKR-P1 to recognize both the periphery and the core region of complex type oligosaccharides may define its dual specificity towards carbohydrate components of eukaryotic (e.g., tumor) cell surfaces, but also reflect an evolutionarily conserved reactivity with microbial saccharides important in immune recognition and signaling functions.", "24077839": "This study aims to investigate the role of siRNA silencing fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) expression in promoting chemotherapy effect of gastric cancer and to explore its mechanism.", "28182034": "Coronary artery bypass graft surgery is the gold standard for the treatment of multivessel and left main coronary artery disease. However, there is considerable debate that whether left internal mammary artery (IMA) should be taken as pedicled or skeletonized. This study was conducted to assess the difference in blood flow after the application of topical vasodilator in skeletonized and pedicled IMA.", "21243427": "It has been shown that \u03b2-amyloid (A\u03b2) induced hyperphosphorylation of tau is implicated in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease (AD), and deregulation of cyclin-dependent kinase 5 (Cdk5) activity is involved in the abnormal tau phosphorylation. The cleavage of neuron-specific Cdk5 activator, p35, to p25, mediated by calpain and calcium, deregulates Cdk5 activity and promotes neurodegeneration. Fuzhisan (FZS), a Chinese herbal complex prescription that has been used for the treatment of AD for over 15\u00a0years, is known to enhance the cognitive ability in AD patients. In this study, we investigated the neuroprotective effects and potential molecular mechanisms of FZS against A\u03b2(25-35)-induced toxicity in cultured cortical neurons. We revealed that FZS attenuated A\u03b2(25-35)-induced neurotoxicity in a dose-dependent manner. FZS inhibited A\u03b2(25-35)-induced activation of Cdk5 and decreased tau hyperphosphorylation although it did not directly inhibit Cdk5. In addition, FZS also blocked A\u03b2(25-35)-induced calcium influx, calpain activation and decreased cleavage of p35 to p25.", "21961649": "This study aimed to evaluate the effects of Monascus purpureus-fermented Angelicae gigantis Radix (FAG) on body weight gain, visceral fat accumulation, biochemical markers of obesity, and the mRNA expression levels of various genes involved in adipogenesis in a high-fat-diet (HFD)-induced rat model of obesity. Effect of nodakenin isolated from Angelicae gigantis on 3T3-L1 preadipocyte differentiation was also investigated in vitro. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into five groups (n\u2009=\u20096 per group) based on five dietary categories: HFD control, HFD + 2.5% (w/w) AG, HFD + 5% AG, HFD + 2.5% FAG, and HFD + 5% FAG. Present study investigated nodakenin isolated from AG and FAG roots by measuring fat accumulation in 3T3-L1 preadipocyte using Oil Red O staining. FAG administration effectively lowered the body weight gain, visceral fat accumulation, and hepatic and serum lipid and leptin concentrations in obese rats. In addition, FAG administration significantly reduced the mRNA expression levels of adipose tissue genes encoding adipocyte protein 2 (aP2), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor \u03b3 2 (PPAR\u03b32), and CCAT/enhancer-binding protein \u03b1 (C/EBP\u03b1) as compared with HFD group. Furthermore, nodakenin reduced the fat accumulation in differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes in a dose-dependent manner. FAG ameliorates HFD-induced obesity, probably by modulating multiple genes associated with adipogenesis in the visceral fat tissue of rats. Accordingly, fermented Angelicae gigantis may be an ideal candidate for obesity relief.", "19891753": "A number of studies have indicated that some blood donors may donate blood in order to obtain an HIV test. These particular donors pose a serious hazard to the health care system by increasing the risk of HIV being transmitted through the donated blood. The study was undertaken to discover the effectiveness of new measures introduced to reduce the number of donors using blood donation centres to obtain an HIV test. The measures included increased educational information regarding the hazards of HIV transmission through donated blood, and the availability of special HIV clinics offering free services and anonymity. A survey of blood donors was undertaken over a period of 3 years, from 2004 to 2007. The cross-sectional survey involved 14 752 volunteers and all the participants were asked to complete a questionnaire which covered areas such as demographic characteristics and their motivation for donating blood. During the first year of the survey, it was discovered that 14. 2% of donors donated blood in order to be tested for HIV, and in the following 2 years it was 11. 2 and 9. 3%, respectively. A significant decrease was shown during the survey (P < 0. 05). The majority of these particular donors were found to be young, single, men with poor educational backgrounds and first-time blood donors. Over the period of this study, a reduction in the number of donors using blood donation centres in order to be tested for HIV was clearly evident. This positive downward trend may be attributed to the success of the new measures introduced.", "10618412": "DNA vaccines express antigens intracellularly and effectively induce cellular immune responses. Because only chimpanzees can be used to model human hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, we developed a small-animal model using HLA-A2.1-transgenic mice to test induction of HLA-A2.1-restricted cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs) and protection against recombinant vaccinia expressing HCV-core. A plasmid encoding the HCV-core antigen induced CD8(+) CTLs specific for three conserved endogenously expressed core peptides presented by human HLA-A2.1. When challenged, DNA-immunized mice showed a substantial (5-12 log(10)) reduction in vaccinia virus titer compared with mock-immunized controls. This protection, lasting at least 14 mo, was shown to be mediated by CD8(+) cells. Thus, a DNA vaccine expressing HCV-core is a potential candidate for a prophylactic vaccine for HLA-A2.1(+) humans.", "19906824": "Aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRNAs), including miR-21, and alteration of their target genes stability have been associated with cellular transformation and tumorigenesis. We investigated the expression, regulation and function of miR-21 in leiomyomas which develop from myometrial cellular transformation. The results indicated that miR-21 is over-expressed in leiomyomas with specific elevation during the secretory phase of the menstrual cycle and in women who received Depo-Provera and oral contraceptives, but reduced due to GnRHa therapy (P < 0.05). Bioinformatic analysis of microarray gene expression profiles previously obtained from the above cohorts, and myometrial smooth muscle cells (MSMC) and leiomyoma smooth muscle cells (LSMC) treated with GnRHa, transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta and TGF-beta receptor type II (TGF-betaRII) antisense oligomer, indicated that a number of miR-21-predicted target genes were co-expressed and differentially regulated in these cohorts. Gain- and loss-of-function of miR-21 in MSMC, LSMC, transformed LSMC and leiomyosarcoma cell line (SKLM-S1) resulted in differential expression of many genes, including some of the miR-21-predicted/validated target genes, PTEN, PDCD4 and E2F1, and TGF-betaRII, in a cell-specific manner. Gain-of miR-21 function in MSMC and LSMC reduced TGF-beta-induced expression of fibromodulin and TGF-beta-induced factor (P < 0.05), and moderately altered the rate of cell growth and caspase-3/7 activity in these cells. We concluded that miR-21 is aberrantly expressed and hormonally regulated in leiomyomas where, through functional interaction with ovarian steroids and the TGF-beta signaling pathway, either directly or indirectly regulates a number of genes whose products are critical in leiomyoma growth and regression as well as their potential cellular transformation.", "22005302": "Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), which is caused primarily by cigarette smoking, is a major health problem worldwide. The progressive decline in lung function that occurs in COPD is a result of persistent inflammation of the airways and destruction of the lung parenchyma. Despite the key role of inflammation in the pathogenesis of COPD, treatment with corticosteroids - normally highly effective antiinflammatory drugs - has little therapeutic benefit. This corticosteroid resistance is largely caused by inactivation of histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC2), which is critical for the transrepressive activity of the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) that mediates the antiinflammatory effect of corticosteroids. Here, we show that in alveolar macrophages from patients with COPD, S-nitrosylation of HDAC2 is increased and that this abolishes its GR-transrepression activity and promotes corticosteroid insensitivity. Cys-262 and Cys-274 of HDAC2 were found to be the targets of S-nitrosylation, and exogenous glutathione treatment of macrophages from individuals with COPD restored HDAC2 activity. Treatment with sulforaphane, a small-molecule activator of the transcription factor nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (NRF2), was also able to denitrosylate HDAC2, restoring dexamethasone sensitivity in alveolar macrophages from patients with COPD. These effects of sulforaphane were glutathione dependent. We conclude that NRF2 is a novel drug target for reversing corticosteroid resistance in COPD and other corticosteroid-resistant inflammatory diseases.", "25036347": "Gastric cancer remains the third most common cancer in the world. Metastatic disease is a major cause of death in about half of the patients; therefore, early diagnosis is crucial for successful outcome. This study applied a sensitive method for the detection of circulating tumor cells using specific tumor markers for early detection. A total of 80 blood samples from 40 patients and 40 age-matched healthy controls were collected for the study. Circulating mRNA levels of two tumor markers, tumor endothelial marker 8 (TEM-8) and carcinoembryogenic antigen (CEA) were evaluated using absolute quantitative real-time PCR assay in the Stratagene Mx-3000P real-time PCR system. GAPDH was used to normalize the data. TEM-8 and CEA were detected in patients' blood more than in controls, 22/40 vs 9/40, P=0.005, and 30/40 vs 11/40, P=0.008, respectively. The mRNA level of these markers in patients was significantly higher in comparison to normal controls (P=0.018, 0.01). This panel showed an overall sensitivity of 64% and specificity of 73%. Statistical analysis for demographic variants did not show any significant differences. Both markers were detected more frequently and in significantly higher levels in blood samples of patients compared to samples from normal individuals. Copy number of CEA and TEM-8 mRNA, as detected by real-time quantitative PCR, appears to be a promising marker to evaluate the risk of tumor spread.", "19023421": "In the pathogenic bacterium Bacillus anthracis, virulence requires induced expression of the anthrax toxin and capsule genes. Elevated CO2/bicarbonate levels, an indicator of the host environment, provide a signal ex vivo to increase expression of virulence factors, but the mechanism underlying induction and its relevance in vivo are unknown. We identified a previously uncharacterized ABC transporter (BAS2714-12) similar to bicarbonate transporters in photosynthetic cyanobacteria, which is essential to the bicarbonate induction of virulence gene expression. Deletion of the genes for the transporter abolished induction of toxin gene expression and strongly decreased the rate of bicarbonate uptake ex vivo, demonstrating that the BAS2714-12 locus encodes a bicarbonate ABC transporter. The bicarbonate transporter deletion strain was avirulent in the A/J mouse model of infection. Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors, which prevent the interconversion of CO2 and bicarbonate, significantly affected toxin expression only in the absence of bicarbonate or the bicarbonate transporter, suggesting that carbonic anhydrase activity is not essential to virulence factor induction and that bicarbonate, and not CO2, is the signal essential for virulence induction. The identification of this novel bicarbonate transporter essential to virulence of B. anthracis may be of relevance to other pathogens, such as Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Borrelia burgdorferi, and Vibrio cholera that regulate virulence factor expression in response to CO2/bicarbonate, and suggests it may be a target for antibacterial intervention.", "26379850": "An increasing number of studies have examined the ability of IMP3 (insulin-like growth factor 2 messenger RNA binding protein 3) to be a marker for the diagnosis of pancreatic cancer (PCa). The exact role of IMP3 needs to be elucidated. The aim of this study is to determine the overall accuracy of IMP3 in PCa through a meta-analysis of published studies.", "22029902": "Due to the lack of an appropriate cell source, external ear reconstruction based on tissue engineering techniques has not yet been translated to clinical applications. It has been reported that the chondrocytes from microtic cartilage can be used for cartilage regeneration. However, in our prior study, we found the passaged microtic chondrocytes became less proliferative and decreased expression of cartilage-specific markers, which would lead to the limited quantity and quality of cells from microtic cartilage to engineer an entire ear. To make full use of these cells, it is important to know whether they can provide the chondrogenic niche to promote the chondrogenesis of BMSCs. In this study, through the co-transplantation of BMSCs with microtic chondrocytes subcutaneously into nude mice, we showed that microtic chondrocytes have the potential to promote ectopic chondrogenesis of BMSCs. These results indicate that the early passage of chondrocytes from the microtic cartilage might have the same potential to promote chondrogenesis of BMSCs as normal chondrocytes. The co-culture of microtic chondrocytes with BMSCs potentially offers a practical approach to autologous ear regeneration.", "28264024": "The Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) infection is one of the major public health problems in Nepal because of its increasing disease morbidity and mortality. The main purpose of this study was to determine the anti-JEV IgM positivity among acute encephalitis syndromic cases from all over Nepal. The present study was conducted at National Public Health Laboratory, Kathmandu, Nepal from April 2015 to October 2015. A total of 671 (418 CSF and 253 serum) samples were collected from 625 patients with acute encephalitic syndrome, admitted to different hospitals from all over Nepal. IgM antibody capture enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was used for the detection of anti-JEV IgM positive cases. The rate of anti-JEV IgM positivity was found to be 21.12%. The majority of positive cases (50%) were from the age group below 15 years, with the highest numbers of cases occurring in September (55.30%). Among all the anti-JEV IgM positive cases, higher numbers of cases were males. Geographically, the highest numbers of anti-JEV IgM positive cases were recorded from Terai region. Similarly, largest numbers of anti-JEV IgM positive cases were reported from Kailai district followed by those from Kanchanpur. However, anti-JEV IgM positive cases were also reported from hill districts. Continuation of active surveillance and vector control measures, proper management of diagnostic facilities and expanded program of immunization in JE endemic areas should be strongly emphasized to reduce the endemicity of the disease.", "19154523": "Bronchial asthma is a chronic inflammatory airways disease. Nutritional intervention is an important tool to decrease the severity of many chronic inflammatory diseases including asthma. The aim of this study is to evaluate the role of omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin C and Zn in children with moderately persistent asthma.", "19127226": "Peripherally-inserted central catheters (PICCS) are non-tunnelled, central catheters inserted through a peripheral vein of the arm. They are 50-60 cm long and are usually made of either silicone or second-third generation polyurethane. PICCs can be used for prolonged, continuous or intermittent infusion therapies (up to 3 months) both in hospitalized patients and in patients treated as outpatients, in a hospice, or at home. When establishing a vascular service it is key to select a PICC that meets the requirements of safety, cost-effectiveness, high resistance (ability to take increasing fluid volumes with high pressure devices) and durability, and low complications rate. The complications and dwell times of three different PICCs were studied: coated polyurethane, valved silicone and power-injectable. The study was conducted at the chemotherapy suite at the author's hospital with the aim of selecting the right PICC based on low incidence of complications, resistance and enhanced dwell time. Results show a low incidence of complications and long dwell time among patients with the power-injectable PICC. Furthermore, this study demonstrated a reduction on the rate of occlusion and rupture with power-injectable PICCs, which makes them safer to use for administration of chemotherapy and other vesicant agents, as well as for the management of patients in critical care.", "20588141": "Since the publication of \"To Err Is Human\" in 1999, health care professionals have looked to high-reliability industries such as aviation for guidance on improving system safety. One of the most widely adopted aviation-derived approaches is simulation-based team training, also known as crew resource management training. In the health care domain, crew resource management training often takes place in custom-built simulation laboratories that are designed to replicate operating rooms or labor and delivery rooms. Unlike these traditional crew resource management training programs, \"in situ simulation\" occurs on actual patient care units, involves actual health care team members, and uses actual organization processes to train and assess team performance. During the past 24 months, our research team has conducted nearly 40 in situ simulations. In this article, we present the results from 1 such simulation: a patient who experienced a difficult labor that resulted in an emergency caesarian section and hysterectomy. During the simulation, a number of latent environmental threats to safety were identified. This article presents the latent threats and the steps that the hospital has taken to remedy them.", "27616881": "To assess the impact of wearing fixed orthodontic appliance (FOA) or clear-aligner, on daily performance in adult patients.", "24872563": "Past work has suggested that neuronal oscillations coordinate the cellular assemblies that represent items in working memory (WM). In line with this hypothesis, we show that the spatial distribution of power in the alpha frequency band (8-12 Hz) can be used to decode the content and quality of the representations stored in visual WM. We acquired EEG data during an orientation WM task, and used a forward encoding model of orientation selectivity to reconstruct orientation-specific response profiles (termed channel tuning functions, or CTFs) that tracked the orientation of the memorandum during both encoding and delay periods of the trial. Critically, these EEG-based CTFs were robust predictors of both between- and within-subject differences in mnemonic precision, showing that EEG-based CTFs provide a sensitive measure of the quality of sensory population codes. Experiments 2 and 3 established that these EEG-based CTFs are contingent on the voluntary storage goals of the observer. When observers were given a postsample cue to store or drop the memorandum, the resulting CTF was sustained in the \"store\" condition and rapidly eliminated following the \"drop\" cue. When observers were instructed to store one of two simultaneously presented stimuli, only the stored item was represented in a sustained fashion throughout the delay period. These findings suggest that the oscillatory activity in the alpha frequency band plays a central role in the active storage of information in visual WM, and demonstrate a powerful approach for tracking the precision of on-line memories with high temporal resolution. ", "27428477": "The aim of the study was to examine published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the efficacy and safety of adjunctive electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) when combined with antipsychotics (APs) versus AP therapy for schizophrenia and related disorders during the acute phase.", "8922763": "The purpose of this study was to compare the effectiveness of granisetron, metoclopramide and placebo in reducting the frequencies of retching and vomiting in children who had undergone strabismus repair and tonsillectomy with or without adenoidectomy.", "26453654": "In prior studies of exocyst-mediated late secretion in Candida albicans, we have determined that Sec6 contributes to cell wall integrity, secretion, and filamentation. A conditional mutant lacking SEC6 expression exhibits markedly reduced lateral hyphal branching. In addition, lack of the related t-SNAREs Sso2 and Sec9 also leads to defects in secretion and filamentation. To further understand the role of the exocyst in the fundamental processes of polarized secretion and filamentation in C. albicans, we studied the exocyst subunit Sec15. Since Saccharomyces cerevisiae SEC15 is essential for viability, we generated a C. albicans conditional mutant strain in which SEC15 was placed under the control of a tetracycline-regulated promoter. In the repressed state, cell death occurred after 5 h in the tetR-SEC15 strain. Prior to this time point, the tetR-SEC15 mutant was markedly defective in Sap and lipase secretion and demonstrated increased sensitivity to Zymolyase and chitinase. Notably, tetR-SEC15 mutant hyphae were characterized by a hyperbranching phenotype, in direct contrast to strain tetR-SEC6, which had minimal lateral branching. We further studied the localization of the Spitzenk\u00f6rper, polarisomes, and exocysts in the tetR-SEC15 and tetR-SEC6 mutants during filamentation. Mlc1-GFP (marking the Spitzenk\u00f6rper), Spa2-GFP (the polarisome), and Exo70-GFP (exocyst) localizations were normal in the tetR-SEC6 mutant, whereas these structures were mislocalized in the tetR-SEC15 mutant. Following alleviation of gene repression by removing doxycycline, first Spitzenk\u00f6rper, then polarisome, and finally exocyst localizations were recovered sequentially. These results indicate that the exocyst subunits Sec15 and Sec6 have distinct roles in mediating polarized secretion and filamentation in C. albicans. ", "18974386": "Apolipoprotein (apo)CIII predicts risk for coronary heart disease. We recently reported that apoCIII directly activates human monocytes. Recent evidence indicates that toll-like receptor (TLR)2 can contribute to atherogenesis through transduction of inflammatory signals. Here, we tested the hypothesis that apoCIII activates human monocytoid THP-1 cells through TLR2. ApoCIII induced the association of TLR2 with myeloid differentiation factor 88, activated nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB in THP-1 cells, and increased their adhesion to human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). Anti-TLR2 blocking antibody, but not anti-TLR4 blocking antibody or isotype-matched IgG, inhibited these processes (P<0.05). ApoCIII bound with high affinity to human recombinant TLR2 protein and showed a significantly higher (P<0.05) and saturable binding to 293 cells overexpressing human TLR2 than to parental 293 cells with no endogenous TLR2. Overexpression of TLR2 in 293 cells augmented apoCIII-induced NF-kappaB activation and beta(1) integrin expression, processes inhibited by anti-apoCIII antibody as well as anti-TLR2 antibody. Exposure of peripheral blood monocytes isolated from C57BL/6 (wild-type) mice to apoCIII activated their NF-kappaB and increased their adhesiveness to HUVECs. In contrast, apoCIII did not activate monocytes from TLR2-deficient mice. Finally, intravenous administration to C57BL/6 mice of apoCIII-rich very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), but not of apoCIII-deficient VLDL, activated monocytes and increased their adhesiveness to HUVECs, processes attenuated by anti-TLR2 or anti-apoCIII antibody. ApoCIII-rich VLDL did not activate monocytes from TLR2-deficient mice. In conclusion, apoCIII activated monocytes at least partly through a TLR2-dependent pathway. The present study identifies a novel mechanism for proinflammatory and proatherogenic effects of apoCIII and a role for TLR2 in atherosclerosis induced by atherogenic lipoproteins.", "20375226": "Although there is currently no effective treatment for prion diseases, significant advances have been made in suppressing its progress, using antibodies that block the conversion of PrP(C) into PrP(Sc). In order to be effective in treating individuals that have prion diseases, antibodies must be capable of arresting disease in its late stages. This requires the development of antibodies with higher affinity for PrP(Sc) and systems for effective translocation of antibodies across the blood-brain barrier in order to achieve high concentrations of inhibitor at the site of protein replication. An additional advantage is the ability of these antibodies to access the cytosol of affected cells. To this end, we have generated PrP-specific antibodies (known as PrioV) by immunization of camels with murine scrapie material adsorbed to immunomagnetic beads. The PrioV antibodies display a range of specificities with some recognizing the PrP(27-30) proteinase K-resistant fragment, others specific for PrP(C) and a number with dual binding specificity. Independent of their PrP conformation specificity, one of the PrioV antibodies (PrioV3) was shown to bind PrP(C) in the cytosol of neuroblastoma cells. In marked contrast, conventional anti-PrP antibodies produced in mouse against similar target antigen were unable to cross the neuronal plasma membrane and instead formed a ring around the cells. The PrioV anti-PrP antibodies could prove to be a valuable tool for the neutralization/clearance of PrP(Sc) in intracellular compartments of affected neurons and could potentially have wider applicability for the treatment of so-called protein-misfolding diseases.", "25495232": "The malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae has a high preference for human hosts, a characteristic that contributes greatly to its capacity for transmitting human malaria. A sibling species, An. quadriannulatus, has a quite different host preference and feeds mostly on bovids. For this reason it does not contribute to human malaria transmission. Host seeking in mosquitoes is modulated by the olfactory system, which is primarily housed in the antennae and maxillary palps. Therefore, the detection of differing host odors by sibling species may be reflected in the expression level of the olfactory genes involved. Accordingly, we compared the transcriptomes of the antennae and maxillary palps of An. gambiae and An. quadriannulatus.", "16556320": "Early detection of a premalignant or cancerous oral lesion promises to improve the survival and the morbidity of patients suffering from these conditions. Cytological study of oral cells is a non-aggressive technique that is well accepted by the patient, and is therefore an attractive option for the early diagnosis of oral cancer, including epithelial atypia and squamous cell carcinoma. However its usage has been limited so far due to poor sensitivity and specificity in diagnosing oral malignancies. Lately it has re-emerged due to improved methods and it's application in oral precancer and cancer as a diagnostic and predictive method as well as for monitoring patients. Newer diagnostic techniques such as \"brush biopsy\" and molecular studies have been developed. Recent advances in cytological techniques and novel aspects of applications of scraped or exfoliative cytology for detecting these lesions and predicting their progression or recurrence are reviewed here.", "1967819": "The identity of the neuronal nicotinic alpha-bungarotoxin (alpha-BGT) site, which appears to be distinct from the functional nicotinic receptor, is unclear. Recent work in our laboratory has shown that the thymus-derived polypeptide thymopoietin potently and specifically interacts at the nicotinic alpha-BGT site in brain. The present results show that thymopoietin also interferes with the binding of 125I-alpha-BGT to chromaffin cells in culture; a dose-dependent inhibition in binding was observed, with an IC50 of 10(-8) M. To assess the long term effect(s) of thymopoietin in nervous tissue, chromaffin cells were exposed to the polypeptide for varying periods of time. Incubation of the cells in culture with thymopoietin (10(-9) to 3 x 10(-7) M) for 2 to 7 days resulted in an approximate 3-fold increase in alpha-BGT binding. Saturation analysis indicated this was due to an increase in the Bmax. The thymopoietin-induced increase in binding could be reversed with nicotine: thus, the sites can be regulated by a nicotinic receptor ligand. Although thymopoietin potently interacted at the nicotinic alpha-BGT receptor, nicotinic receptor responsiveness was not affected after short or long term exposure to the peptide. Neither basal nor nicotinic receptor-stimulated tyrosine hydroxylase activity was altered by thymopoietin. As well, resting and acetylcholine-evoked noradrenaline release remained similar to control after exposure of the cells to the polypeptide. These results indicate that the thymic polypeptide thymopoietin specifically interacts with the nicotinic alpha-BGT receptor population and, furthermore, can regulate the toxin binding sites in chromaffin cells in culture.", "16974114": "Imprint cytology may provide a fast and accurate method for intraoperative screening of sentinel lymph nodes, so a decision can be made regarding whether to perform axillary clearance during primary surgery. If the findings are negative, in many cases axillary dissection can be omitted.", "25003729": "Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) occurs more commonly in asthma patients than in the general population and can complicate asthma management. The aim of this study was to evaluate the presence of OSA in patients with difficult-to-treat asthma (DTA) and to investigate the sleep quality in these patients.", "18794197": "The results of class prediction and the determination of prognostic markers in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) have been variably reported. Apart from biological variations, this may be caused by differences in laboratory techniques, scoring definitions and inter- and intra-observer variation. In this study, an international collaboration of clinical lymphoma research groups has concentrated on validation and standardisation of immunohistochemistry of the currently potentially interesting prognostic markers in DLBCL.", "18704087": "For a wide variety of microbial pathogens, the outcome of the infection is indeterminate. In some individuals the microbe is cleared, but in others it establishes a chronic infection, and the factors that tip this balance are often unknown. In a widely used model of chronic viral infection, C57BL/6 mice clear the Armstrong strain of lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus (LCMV), but the clone 13 strain persists. Here we show that the Armstrong strain induces a profound lymphopenia at days 1-3 after infection, but the clone 13 strain does not. If we transiently augment lymphopenia by treating the clone-13-infected mice with the drug FTY720 at days 0-2 after infection, the mice successfully clear the infection by day 30. Clearance does not occur when CD4 T cells are absent at the time of treatment, indicating that the drug is not exerting direct antiviral effects. Notably, FTY720 treatment of an already established persistent infection also leads to viral clearance. In both models, FTY720 treatment preserves or augments LCMV-specific CD4 and CD8 T-cell responses, a result that is counter-intuitive because FTY720 is generally regarded as a new immunosuppressive agent. Because FTY720 targets host pathways that are completely evolutionarily conserved, our results may be translatable into new immunotherapies for the treatment of chronic microbial infections in humans.", "16410328": "Nitric oxide (NO) stimulates bone formation and inhibits bone resorption in vitro. NO donors (nitrates) are inexpensive and widely available, but their value for post-menopausal osteoporosis has never been evaluated in a randomized trial. The objective of this study was to compare the effects of 5 and 20 mg of isosorbide mononitrate (ISMO) on markers of bone turnover in post-menopausal women.", "15730395": "Pulmonary tuberculosis, a granulomatous disease, has few serological markers for its activity. Recently, an increased plasma level of stromal derived factor 1 alpha (SDF-1alpha), which can induce strong chemotaxis of cells through its receptor CXCR4, was detected in patients with tuberculosis. In this study we investigated serum SDF-1alpha levels and CXCR4 expression on peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Fifty-five active tuberculosis patients, 30 resolved tuberculosis patients, 27 acute bronchitis patients and 8 healthy volunteers were examined. Histological expression of SDF-1alpha in the tuberculosis lesion and CXCR4 expression of PBMCs were also analysed. Serum SDF-1alpha levels in active tuberculosis patients were significantly higher than other groups. The sensitivity and specificity for the diagnosis of active tuberculosis was 88.5% and 85.3% (cutoff value = 650 pg/ml), respectively. CXCR4 expression levels on PBMCs showed a significant negative correlation with serum SDF-1alpha levels. Inflammatory cells including multinuclear giant cells in the lesion expressed SDF-1alpha. Measurement of serum SDF-1alpha could be a useful screening marker for the identification of active pulmonary tuberuculosis. We propose that interaction of SDF-1alpha and CXCR4 might be involved in the pathogenesis of pulmonary tuberculosis.", "26445532": "Polygonum minus (PM) or locally known in Malaysia, as \"kesum\" is rich in micronutrients and natural antioxidants. However, its beneficial effect on outcome associates with oxidative stress including cognitive function is yet to be discovered. We assessed the efficacy of PM extract (LineMinus\u2122) on cognitive function and psychosocial status among middle-aged women in Klang Valley of Malaysia.", "20883167": "The Chinese EIAV vaccine is an attenuated live-virus vaccine obtained by serial passage of a virulent horse isolate (EIAV(L)) in donkeys (EIAV(D)), and subsequently in donkey cells in vitro. In this study, we compare the env gene of the original horse virulent virus (EIAV(L)) with attenuated strains serially passaged in donkey MDM (EIAV(DLV)), and donkey dermal cells (EIAV(FDDV)). Genetic comparisons among parental and attenuated strains found that vaccine strains contained amino acid substitutions/deletions in gp90 that resulted in a loss of three potential N-linked glycosylation sites, designated g5, g9, and g10. To investigate the biological significance of these changes, reverse-mutated viruses were constructed in the backbone of the EIAV(FDDV) infectious molecular clone (pLGFD3). The resulting virus stocks were characterized for replication efficiency in donkey dermal cells and donkey MDM, and were tested for sensitivity to neutralization using sera from two ponies experimentally infected with EIAV(FDDV). The results clearly show that these mutations generated by site-directed mutagenesis resulted in cloned viruses with enhanced resistance to serum-neutralizing antibodies that were also able to recognize parental viruses. The results of this study indicate that these mutations play an important role in the attenuation of the EIAV vaccine strains.", "27936486": "In the present study, we investigated the expression profile and functional mechanism of microRNA-4656 in human pancreatic cancer (PC).", "22071019": "Specific peptide ligands to cell surface receptors have been extensively used in tumor research and clinical applications. Phage display technology is a powerful tool for the isolation of cell-specific peptide ligands. To screen and identify novel markers for renal cell carcinoma, we evaluated a peptide that had been identified by phage display technology.", "27617005": "In continuation of our search for new bioactive compounds from soil microbes, a fluorescent Pseudomonas strain isolated from paddy field soil of Kuttanad, Kerala, India was screened for the production of bioactive secondary metabolites. This strain was identified as Pseudomonas mosselii through 16S rDNA gene sequencing followed by BLAST analysis and the bioactive metabolites produced were purified by column chromatography (silica gel) and a pure bioactive secondary metabolite was isolated. This bioactive compound was identified as Pseudopyronine B by NMR and HR-ESI-MS. Pseudopyronine B recorded significant antimicrobial activity especially against Gram-positive bacteria and agriculturally important fungi. MTT assay was used for finding cell proliferation inhibition, and Pseudopyronine B recorded significant antitumor activity against non-small cell lung cancer cell (A549), and mouse melanoma cell (B16F10). The preliminary MTT assay results revealed that Pseudopyronine B recorded both dose- and time-dependent inhibition of the growth of test cancer cell lines. Pseudopyronine B induced apoptotic cell death in cancer cells as evidenced by Acridine orange/ethidium bromide and Hoechst staining, and this was further confirmed by flow cytometry analysis using Annexin V. Cell cycle analysis also supports apoptosis by inducing G2/M accumulation in both A549 and B16F10 cells. Pseudopyronine B treated cells recorded significant up-regulation of caspase 3 activity. Moreover, this compound recorded immunomodulatory activity by enhancing the proliferation of lymphocytes. The production of Pseudopyronine B by P. mosselii and its anticancer activity in A549 and B16F10 cell lines is reported here for the first time. The present study has a substantial influence on the information of Pseudopyronine B from P. mosselii as potential sources of novel drug molecule for the pharmaceutical companies, especially as potent antimicrobial and anticancer agent. ", "20653821": "Ciclosporin A (CsA) is widely utilized for the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases such as psoriasis.The therapeutic effects of CsA are thought to be mediated via its immunosuppressive action on infiltrating lymphocytes in skin lesions. CsA and tacrolimus block T cell activation by inhibiting the phosphatase calcineurin and preventing translocation from the cytoplasm to the nucleus of the transcription factor Nuclear Factor of Activated T cells (NFAT).", "23717633": "ELL associated factor 1 and ELL associated factor 2 (EAF1/2 factors) are reported to play important roles in tumor suppression and embryogenesis. Our previous studies showed that eaf factors mediated effective convergence and extension (C&E) movements and modulated mesoderm and neural patterning by regulating both non-canonical and canonical Wnt signaling in the early embryonic process. In this study, through knockdown of both eaf1 and eaf2 in embryos, we found that differentiation of primary erythroid cells was blocked, but hematopoietic precursor cells maintained in eafs morphants. Co-injection of c-myb-MO rescued the erythroid differentiation in eafs morphants, as indicated by the restored expression of the erythroid-specific gene, \u03b2e3 globin. In addition, low dosage of c-myb effectively blocked the \u03b2e3 globin expression in embryos, and did not affect the expression of markers of hematopoietic progenitor cells and other mesoderm, which was similar to the phenotypes we observed in eafs morphants. We also revealed that knockdown Wnt signaling by transiently inducing dn-Tcf in embryos at the bud stage down-regulated the increased c-myb to normal level and also restored \u03b2e3 globin expression in eafs morphants. Our evidence points to a novel role for eaf factors in controlling erythroid cell fate by regulating c-Myb expression through canonic Wnt signaling.", "16508680": "The aim of the present study is to investigate whether differences between tumor cells in radiosensitivity are related to misrejoined- or residual DNA-double strand breaks.", "18024211": "We have previously described gene-expression signatures that predict growth inhibitory and cytotoxic effects of common chemotherapeutic drugs in vitro. The aim of this study was to confirm the validity of these gene-expression signatures in a large series of patients with oestrogen-receptor-negative breast tumours who were treated in a phase III neoadjuvant clinical trial.", "17532697": "Pain on injection is still a major problem with propofol. Lignocaine (lidocaine) is effective in preventing propofol-induced pain on injection, but cannot entirely control the pain. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of lignocaine plus ketamine, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, on pain on injection of propofol.", "15157037": "Postmastectomy pain syndrome (PMPS) is a neuropathic pain syndrome that may develop following breast surgery. Venlafaxine has been shown to be efficacious in the management of PMPS. The preemptive administration of venlafaxine has been shown to be efficacious in reducing the incidence of neuropathic pain in the rat model. We examined the efficacy of administering either venlafaxine or placebo for two weeks starting the night before surgery to 100 patients scheduled for either partial or radical mastectomy with axillary dissection. Patients were administered PCA morphine for the first 24 hours following surgery and then acetaminophen/oxycodone tablets. Pain scores were recorded at rest and movement on day 1, at 1 month, and at 6 months after surgery. At 6 months postoperatively, the presence of pain in the chest, arm, and axilla; edema; decreased sensation in the operative area; and phantom breast pain were recorded. There was no difference in postoperative opioid use. Pain scores with movement were lower in the venlafaxine group at 6 months. Pain scores at all other time intervals were similar. There was a significant decrease in the incidence of chest wall pain (55% vs. 19%, P = 0.0002), arm pain (45% vs. 17%, P = 0.003), and axilla pain (51% vs. 19%, P = 0.0009) between the control group and the venlafaxine group, respectively. No significant differences were noted between the two groups with regard to edema, phantom pain, or sensory changes. We conclude that the perioperative administration of venlafaxine beginning the night prior to surgery significantly reduces the incidence of PMPS following breast cancer surgery.", "23349038": "The aggregation of soluble amyloid-beta (A\u03b2) peptide into oligomers/fibrils is one of the key pathological features in Alzheimer's disease (AD). The A\u03b2 aggregates are considered to play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of AD. Therefore, inhibiting A\u03b2 aggregation and destabilizing preformed A\u03b2 fibrils would be an attractive therapeutic target for prevention and treatment of AD. S14G-humanin (HNG), a synthetic derivative of Humanin (HN), has been shown to be a strong neuroprotective agent against various AD-related insults. Recent studies have shown that HNG can significantly improve cognitive deficits and reduce insoluble A\u03b2 levels as well as amyloid plaque burden without affecting amyloid precursor protein processing and A\u03b2 production in transgenic AD models. However, the potential mechanisms by which HNG reduces A\u03b2-related pathology in vivo remain obscure. In the present study, we found that HNG could significantly inhibit monomeric A\u03b21-42 aggregation into fibrils and destabilize preformed A\u03b21-42 fibrils in a concentration-dependent manner by Thioflavin T fluorescence assay. In transmission electron microscope study, we observed that HNG was effective in inhibiting A\u03b21-42 fibril formation and disrupting preformed A\u03b21-42 fibrils, exhibiting various types of amorphous aggregates without identifiable A\u03b2 fibrils. Furthermore, HNG-treated monomeric or fibrillar A\u03b21-42 was found to significantly reduce A\u03b21-42-mediated cytotoxic effects on PC12 cells in a dose-dependent manner by MTT assay. Collectively, our results demonstrate for the first time that HNG not only inhibits A\u03b21-42 fibril formation but also disaggregates preformed A\u03b21-42 fibrils, which provides the novel evidence that HNG may have anti-A\u03b2 aggregation and fibrillogenesis, and fibril-destabilizing properties. Together with previous studies, we concluded that HNG may have promising therapeutic potential as a multitarget agent for the prevention and/or treatment of AD.", "23865135": "To investigate the prevalence of depression in women with breast cancer and relate it to their health-related quality of life.", "26601276": "The responses of animals and plants to recent climate change vary greatly from species to species, but attempts to understand this variation have met with limited success. This has led to concerns that predictions of responses are inherently uncertain because of the complexity of interacting drivers and biotic interactions. However, we show for an exemplar group of 155 Lepidoptera species that about 60% of the variation among species in their abundance trends over the past four decades can be explained by species-specific exposure and sensitivity to climate change. Distribution changes were less well predicted, but nonetheless, up to 53% of the variation was explained. We found that species vary in their overall sensitivity to climate and respond to different components of the climate despite ostensibly experiencing the same climate changes. Hence, species have undergone different levels of population \"forcing\" (exposure), driving variation among species in their national-scale abundance and distribution trends. We conclude that variation in species' responses to recent climate change may be more predictable than previously recognized. ", "9879861": "A potential strategy to induce peptide specific CTL in vivo was investigated. A synthetic vaccine consisting of an SIV-derived, HLA-A2. 1-binding CTL epitope and a tetanus toxin-derived T helper epitope was evaluated for its capacity to induce peptide-specific CTL in monkeys. Thirteen animals were immunized and boosted twice with 150 microg of CTL plus 250 microg of the T helper peptide (p30). Peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) were regularly analysed for cytotoxic and proliferative responses before, between, and after the immunizations, and the serum was tested for anti-peptide antibodies. No unequivocal induction of SIV peptide-specific CTL in any of the monkeys was observed. However, a wide pattern of mild and transient side reactions were observed, ranging from local redness at the injection site to generalized exanthema, myalgias, arthralgias, and fever. The side-effects were related to the T helper epitope, as they were similar to the side-effects experienced after tetanus immunization, correlated to the magnitude of the p30-specific in vitro proliferative response, and occurred only if p30 was co-injected. No antibody against the SIV-derived peptides nor against p30 was detectable in the serum after repeated immunizations. The data suggest that the CTL peptide, at the concentration used in this study, failed to induce a cytotoxic immune response in vivo, although the T helper peptide seems to be capable of restimulating the specific memory T cells.", "21325635": "Gestational trophoblastic disease (GTD) includes frankly malignant choriocarcinoma (CCA) and placental site trophoblastic tumor and potentially malignant hydatidiform mole. p21-Activated kinase (PAK) 4 promotes cell motility. This study investigated the role of PAK4 in the pathogenesis of GTD. PAK4 messenger RNA and protein expressions in clinical samples and cell lines of normal placentas and GTD were determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot, respectively. The effects of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and phosphoinositide 3 kinase (PI3K) on the expression and activation of PAK4 were investigated by treating CCA JEG3 and JAR cells with anti-hCG antibody and PI3K inhibitor, respectively. The effects of PAK4 on CCA cell proliferation, migration and invasion were assessed by corresponding functional assays. We demonstrated overexpression of PAK4 in GTD and CCA cell lines at both RNA and protein level. hCG is one of the upstream regulators of PAK4 expression, whereas activation of PAK4 is PI3K/PKB dependent in JEG3 and JAR cells. Significant correlation was found between PAK4 expression and proliferation index minichromosome maintenance complex component 7 (P = 0.007). In JEG3 and JAR cells, stably transfected PAK4 increased proliferation, migration and invasion, whereas small interfering RNA knockdown of PAK4 decreased proliferation, migration and invasion along with downregulated CDK6 and membrane-type 1 matrix metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP) and upregulated p16. We further found PAK4-mediated transcription of MT1-MMP in CCA cells by luciferase reporter assay. Our results demonstrated for the first time that overexpressed PAK4 was involved in the pathogenesis of GTD, promoting proliferation and enhancing cell migration and invasion in CCA cells.", "15304519": "Old Yellow Enzyme (OYE) has long served as a paradigm for the study of flavin-containing NADPH oxido-reductases and yet its physiological role has remained a mystery. A two-hybrid interaction between Oye2p and actin led us to investigate a possible function in the actin cytoskeleton. We found that oye deletion strains have an overly elaborate actin cytoskeleton that cannot be attributed to changes in actin concentration but likely reflect stabilization of actin filaments, resulting in excessive actin assembly. Cells expressing the actin mutant act1-123p, which has a weakened interaction with Oye2p, show comparable defects in actin organization to the oye deletion strain that can be suppressed by overexpression of Oye2p. Similarly, mutation of either conserved cysteine of the potential disulfide pair Cys285-Cys374 in actin completely suppresses the actin organization defect of the oyeDelta phenotype. Strains lacking Oye function are also sensitive to oxidative stress as induced by H2O2, menadione, and diamide treatment. Mutation of either Cys285 or Cys374 of actin suppresses the sensitivity of oyeDelta strains to oxidative stress and in fact confers super-resistance to oxidative stress in otherwise wild-type strains. These results suggest that oxidative damage to actin, like that which has been observed in irreversibly sickled red blood cells, may be a general phenomenon and that OYE functions to control the redox state of actin thereby maintaining the proper plasticity of the actin cytoskeleton. In addition to uncovering a long sought biological function for Old Yellow Enzyme, these results establish that cellular sensitivity to oxidative stress can in part be directly attributed to a specific form (C285-C374 disulfide bond formation) of oxidative damage to actin.", "23463764": "Side population (SP) cells may play a crucial role in tumorigenesis and the recurrence of cancer. Many kinds of cell lines and tissues have demonstrated the presence of SP cells, including several gastric cancer cell lines. This study is aimed to identify the cancer stem-like cells in the SP of gastric cancer cell line MKN-45.", "7497558": "We studied the circulatory responses to laryngoscopy and tracheal intubation in 37 hypertensive patients who received nicardipine 30 micrograms.kg-1 iv (Group N, n = 12), diltiazem 0.3 mg.kg-1 (Group D, n = 12) or saline placebo (Group C, n = 13) 60 sec before the initiation of laryngoscopy. Anaesthesia was induced with thiopentone 5 mg.kg-1 iv, and succinylcholine 2 mg.kg-1 iv was used to facilitate tracheal intubation after precurarization with vecuronium 0.02 mg.kg-1 iv. In patients in Group C heart rate (HR) increased from 79 +/- 14 (baseline) to 110 +/- 12 (P < 0.05) associated with tracheal intubation; mean arterial pressure (MAP) increased from 116 +/- 8 to 140 +/- 77 (P < 0.05) and rate-pressure product (RPP) increased from 13385 +/- 2393 to 21251 +/- 3883 (P < 0.05). The changes from baseline values in HR and RPP after tracheal intubation in Group D were less than those in Groups C and N (P < 0.05). The increase in MAP following tracheal intubation in Groups N and D was lower than that in Group C (P < 0.05). We conclude that, compared with nicardipine, administration of diltiazem iv is associated with less circulatory response to tracheal intubation in hypertensive patients.", "29648728": "A single-dose study was performed to observe the bioequivalence of the newly formulated carbamazepine-succinic cocrystal (CBZ-SUC) immediate release tablet (F(1)) with marketed immediate release formulation Epitoll 200 mg tablet (F(0)). In this study on albino rabbits, the plasma levels resulting from 250 mg cocrystal equivalent to 200 mg of carbamazepine and conventional tablets 200 mg immediate release tablets were compared. An open-label, randomized 2 x 2 crossover study design, with a 1-week washout period, was used. Carbamazapine (CBZ) plasma concentrations were determined by a high-performance liquid chromatography validated method using ultraviolet detection. CBZ plasma levels were measured at predose and various postdose time points up to 72 h and the following pharmacokinetic parameters were used for evaluation: area under the curve (AUC), maximum plasma drug concentration (C(max)), time to achieve C(max), and elimination rate constant. (K(e)). By applying paired t-test to AUC2(0-72) (calculated by linear trapezoidal rule), the experimental formulation F(1), was found to have statistically significant (***p < 0.05) improvement in bioavailability of CBZ. However, these statistical differences do not have practical implications and the two formulations (F(0) and F(1)) were found to be bioequivalent as the relative bioavailability of both formulations (106.9%) falls with- in the acceptable FDA set range of two bioequivalent products 80-125%.", "9103197": "Membrane-bound immunoglobulin (mIg) of the IgG, IgA, and IgE classes have conserved cytoplasmic tails. To investigate the function of these tails, a B cell line was transfected with truncated or mutated gamma2a heavy chains. Transport to the endosomal compartment of antigen bound by the B cell antigen receptor did not occur in the absence of the cytoplasmic tail; and one or two mutations, respectively, in the Tyr-X-X-Met motif of the tail partially or completely interrupted the process. Experiments with chimeric antigen receptors confirmed these findings. Thus, a role for the cytoplasmic tail of mIg heavy chains in endosomal targeting of antigen is revealed.", "8152926": "Using the 1kb 3' terminal DNA fragment of the mouse methyltransferase cDNA as a probe and low stringent hybridisation conditions, a new potential methyltransferase (MTase) gene family was isolated from an Arabidopsis thaliana genomic DNA library. One clone (MTase-11), which gave the strongest signal at the Northern blot, was entirely sequenced (11483 bp) and further characterised. Under consideration of the likely open reading frames and our preliminary cDNA experiments we propose that the clone 11 gene encodes for an approximately 90 kD protein. As deduced form the DNA sequence this protein contains all conserved sequence motifs specific for the 5m cytosine MTases. MTase-11 gene expression was demonstrable in callus and during germination but not in one month old plants or in leaves.", "21210990": "Nitrilases attract increasing attention due to their utility in the mild hydrolysis of nitriles. According to activity and gene screening, filamentous fungi are a rich source of nitrilases distinct in evolution from their widely examined bacterial counterparts. However, fungal nitrilases have been less explored than the bacterial ones. Nitrilases are typically heterogeneous in their quaternary structures, forming short spirals and extended filaments, these features making their structural studies difficult.", "16484209": "ftsZ is essential for cell division in many microorganisms. In Escherichia coli and Bacillus subtilis, FtsZ plays a role in ring formation at the leading edge of the cell division septum. An ftsZ homologue is present in the Borrelia burgdorferi genome (ftsZ(Bbu)). Its gene product (FtsZ(Bbu)) is strongly homologous to other bacterial FtsZ proteins, but its function has not been established. Because loss-of-function mutants of ftsZ(Bbu) might be lethal, the tetR/tetO system was adapted for regulated control of this gene in B. burgdorferi. Sixty-two nucleotides of an ftsZ(Bbu) antisense DNA sequence under the control of a tetracycline-responsive modified hybrid borrelial promoter were cloned into pKFSS1. This construct was electroporated into a B. burgdorferi host strain carrying a chromosomally located tetR under the control of the B. burgdorferi flaB promoter. After induction by anhydrotetracycline, expression of antisense ftsZ RNA resulted in generation of filamentous B. burgdorferi that were unable to divide and grew more slowly than uninduced cells. To determine whether FtsZ(Bbu) could interfere with the function of E. coli FtsZ, ftsZ(Bbu) was amplified from chromosomal DNA and placed under the control of the tetracycline-regulated hybrid promoter. After introduction of the construct into E. coli and induction with anhydrotetracycline, overexpression of ftsZ(Bbu) generated a filamentous phenotype. This suggested interference of ftsZ(Bbu) with E. coli FtsZ function and confirmed the role of ftsZ(Bbu) in cell division. This is the first report of the generation of a B. burgdorferi conditional lethal mutant equivalent by tetracycline-controlled expression of antisense RNA.", "18368379": "Initial attempts to inhibit renin in humans have faced numerous difficulties. Molecular modeling and X-ray crystallography of the active site of renin have led to the development of new orally active renin inhibitors such as aliskiren. Aliskiren has a low bioavailability (2.6% to 5%) compensated by its high potency to inhibit renin and a long plasma half-life (24 to 40 h), which makes it suitable for once-daily dosing. The once-daily administration of aliskiren to hypertensive patients lowers blood pressure as strongly as standard doses of established AT1 receptor blockers (losartan, valsartan, and irbesartan), angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ramipril and lisnopril), hydrochlorothiazide, or long-acting calcium channel blockers (amlodipine). In combination therapy, aliskiren further decreases blood pressure when combined with either hydrochlorothiazide, amlodipine, valsartan, irbesartan, or ramipril. However, the biochemical consequences of renin inhibition differ from those of angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibition and angiotensin II antagonism, particularly in terms of angiotensin profiles and interactions with the bradykinin-NO-cGMP pathway. Blockade of the renin-angiotensin system with angiotensin I-converting enzyme inhibitors, AT1 receptor blockers, or a combination of these drugs has become one of the most successful therapeutic approaches in medicine. However, it remains unclear how to optimize renin-angiotensin system blockade to maximize cardiovascular and renal benefits. In this context, renin inhibition to render the renin-angiotensin system fully quiescent is a new possibility requiring further study. Preliminary results show that short-term administration of aliskiren has beneficial anti-albuminuric effects in diabetic patients with chronic nephropathy and favorable neurohormonal effects in patients with chronic heart failure.", "12117884": "A weak or disrupted internal anal sphincter can cause passive faecal incontinence. Conservative measures may help some patients but there is no simple surgical solution for those who fail conservative treatment. A successful technique using trans-sphincteric injection of a bulking agent to augment the internal anal sphincter was developed in a previous pilot study.", "26159007": "For decades women have been restricted from direct assignment to certain military occupational specialties such as infantry. These restrictions can limit the advancement of women through the ranks of military leadership. Thus, the purpose of this effort was to identify those physical requirements most likely to serve as barriers for women wanting to enter closed combat arms positions, and to evaluate the quality of existing physical fitness tests as potential measures of assessment of combat readiness.", "17983396": "Dexamethasone has antiemetic and analgesic effects in various types of surgery. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, we evaluated the efficacy of dexamethasone for reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) and analgesic requirement in women undergoing general anesthesia for mastectomy. Patient were allocated randomly to one of three groups (n=30 of each) to receive intravenously either placebo or dexamethasone at two different doses (4 mg, 8 mg) at the end of surgery. Postoperatively, emetic episodes and analgesic requirement were evaluated by an investigator. Patient demographics and types of surgery were not different among the treatment groups. The rate of patients experiencing PONV during 0-24 hours after anesthesia was 33% with dexamethasone 4 mg (p=0.01) and 27% with dexamethasone 8 mg (p=0.002), compared with placebo (67%). The need of indomethacin for intolerable pain was less in patients who had received dexamethasone 8 mg than in those who had received placebo (p=0.001) or dexamethasone 4 mg (p=0.034). No difference in analgesic requirement was found between the dexamethasone 4 mg and placebo groups (p=0.18). No clinically serious adverse events attributed to the study drug were observed in any of the groups. We conclude that dexamethasone 8 mg effectively decreases PONV and analgesic requirement in women undergoing general anesthesia for mastectomy.", "28370854": "microRNAs play key roles during various crucial cell processes such as proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis. Also, microRNAs have been shown to possess oncogenic and tumor-suppressive functions in human cancers. Here, we describe the regulation and function of miR-149 in colorectal cancer cell lines. miR-149 expression patterns were detected in human colorectal cell lines and tissue samples, and then focused on its role in regulation of cell growth, migration, invasion, and its target gene identification. Furthermore, the function of the target gene of miR-149 was analyzed in\u00a0vitro and in\u00a0vivo. miR-149 expression was downregulated in human colorectal cancer HCT116 and SW620 cell lines compared to the normal colon epithelial NCM460 cell line using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction methods. Further studies indicated that introduction of miR-149 was able to suppress cell migration and invasion. Then, EphB3 was identified as a direct target gene of miR-149 in colorectal cancer cells. Moreover,\u00a0experiments in\u00a0vitro showed that knockdown expression of EphB3 could suppress cell proliferation and invasion, and ectopic expression of EphB3 restored the phenotypes of CRC cell lines transfected with miR149. In addition, silencing of EphB3 significantly affected cycle progression distribution and increased apoptosis in CRC cell lines. Finally, in\u00a0vivo results demonstrated that knockdown of EphB3 by siRNA inhibited tumor growth. In conclusion,the important role of miR-149 in colorectal cancer progression suggesting that miR-149 may serve as a therapeutic target for colorectal cancer treatment.", "10195271": "Latex paints are widely used in residential and commercial indoor environments. The surface areas covered by the paints in these environments are relatively large. Thus, latex paints have the potential for having a major impact on indoor air quality (IAQ). A study was undertaken to develop methods for evaluating the impact of latex paint emission on IAQ. Small chamber experiments using stainless steel and painted and unpainted gypsum board substrates were conducted to determine the emission characteristics of latex paint. The emissions from the stainless steel were relatively short lived (3 to 4 days), whereas the emissions from gypsum board lasted for over 200 days. Because gypsum board is a common substrate for latex paint, all emission models were developed for the gypsum board substrates. The data from the small chamber tests led to the development of two empirical and two mass-transfer-based source emission models. Approximately 100 to 200 days of data were required to estimate the parameters required for the empirical models. Only 8 days of data were required to estimate the parameters for the mass-transfer-based models. The final models use paint formulation and mass transfer correlations to predict the emissions of the major individual volatile organic compounds emitted by latex paint.", "28331512": "Currently, gastrointestinal (GI) dysfunctions in Parkinson's disease (PD) are well-recognized problems and are known to be the initial symptoms in the pathological process that eventually results in PD. Many types of PD-associated GI dysfunctions have been identified, including weight loss, nausea, hypersalivation, dysphagia, dyspepsia, abdominal pain, intestinal pseudo-obstruction, constipation, defecatory dysfunction, and small intestinal bacterial overgrowth. These symptoms can influence on other PD symptoms and are the second most significant predictor of the quality of life of these patients. Recognition of GI symptoms requires vigilance on the part of clinicians. Health-care providers should routinely ask direct questions about GI symptoms during office visits so that efforts can be directed at appropriate management of these distressing manifestations. Multiple system atrophy (MSA) and progressive supranuclear palsy are two forms of neurodegenerative Parkinsonism. Symptoms of autonomic dysfunctions such as GI dysfunction are common in patients with parkinsonian disorders. Despite recent progress in the recognition of GI dysfunctions, there are a few reviews on the management of GI dysfunction and GI symptoms in idiopathic Parkinsonism. In this review, the clinical presentation, pathophysiology, and treatment of each GI symptom in PD, MSA, and prostate-specific antigen will be discussed.", "19105710": "Cancer immunotherapy aims at eliciting an immune response directed against tumor antigens to help fight off residual tumor cells and, thereby, improve the survival and quality of life of cancer patients. Different immunotherapeutic approaches share the use of dendritic cells (DCs) to present tumor-associated antigens to T lymphocytes. DCs are specialized for antigen presentation, and their immunogenicity leads to the induction of antigen-specific immune responses. Ex vivo-generated DCs can be loaded with antigens and re-infused to the patients or they can be used for the ex vivo expansion of anti-tumor lymphocytes. Alternatively, methods exist to target antigens in vivo without the need for ex vivo cell manipulations. DCs loaded ex vivo with RNA can be administered safely and might prove to be an asset for producing antigen-specific immune responses. Furthermore, these observations have led to clinical trials designed to investigate the immunological and clinical effects of RNA-pulsed DCs administered as a therapeutic vaccine in cancer patients. However, selection of the antigen, methods for introducing tumor-associated antigens into MHC class I and II processing pathways, methods for isolation and activation of DCs and route of administration are the parameters to be considered for designing and conducting clinical trials with phenotypically altered DCs. The enhanced RNA transfection efficiency and DC maturation would further improve antigen processing and presentation and T-cell costimulation, resulting in the induction of heightened anti-tumor immune responses. Therefore, DCs pulsed with RNA continues to hold promise for cellular immunotherapy.", "17051976": "This review is aimed at exhaustively presenting and discussing the interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma), a cytokine that plays an important role in inducing and modulating an array of immune responses.", "15763381": "Long term and repeated exposure of ultraviolet (UV) light, a harmful environmental stress, on the skin often induces chronic skin diseases such as skin cancer as well as photoaging (premature skin aging), and the mechanisms of these skin damages are closely associated with up-regulation of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) activities. Here we investigated the effect of tiarellic acid on the expressions of MMP-1 and type 1 procollagen in ultraviolet irradiation of cultured human skin fibroblasts. Tiarellic acid reduced the expression of MMP-1 and induced the expression of type 1- procollagen at the protein levels in a dose-dependent manner by ultraviolet irradiation. Taken together, our results suggest that tiarellic acid plays an important role in the reduction of MMP-1 and induction of type 1- procollagen by ultraviolet irradiation.", "19040206": "Japanese encephalitis (JE) is a serious infection disease throughout southern and eastern Asia. The design and development of safer and more efficacious vaccines against Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) is a matter of high priority. Recently, baculovirus pseudotyped with vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein was described as an attractive gene-delivery vehicle in mammalian cells and a potential vector for vaccine development. In the present study, we constructed recombinant pseudotype baculovirus encoding the Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) envelope (E) protein and demonstrated that it could elicit high protective immunity in mice.", "17199437": "In the present study we evaluated the effects of iodine intake on the prevalence of thyroid dysfunction, autoimmunity, and goiter in two regions with different iodine status after two years of iodization in Turkey. In total 1733 adolescent subjects were enrolled into the study (993 from an iodine-sufficient area--the Eastern Black Sea Region (group 1) and 740 from an iodine-deficient area--Middle Anatolia (group 2)). We measured free thyroxine (FT(4)), thyrotropin (TSH), antithyroid peroxidase antibodies (Anti-TPO), antithyroglobulin antibodies (Anti-Tg), and urinary iodine (UI), and examined the thyroid gland by ultrasound. Median urinary iodine excretion was found to be significantly different in group 1 and group 2 (139 micro/l vs 61micro/l, p < 0.001). Hyperthyroidism was more frequent in group 1 (3.6% vs 0.7%; p < 0.001), but the hypothyroidism rate was similar between groups (1.8% vs 1.4 %; p>0.05). The percentage of anti-Tg positive subjects was found to be 17.6% in group 1 and 6.4% in group 2; that of anti-TPO positive subjects was 4.3% in group 1 and 1.5% in group 2. The prevalence of antithyroid antibody (anti-Tg and/or anti-TPO) positivity was significantly higher in group 1 than in group 2 (18.52% vs 6.62%; p < 0.001). Thyroid volumes of the hyperthyroid subjects in both groups were significantly higher than hypo- and euthyroid subjects. In conclusion, iodine supplementation in Turkey has resulted in the elimination of iodine deficiency in the Eastern Black Sea Region, and this has been accompanied by an increase in the prevalence of autoimmune thyroiditis and thyroid dysfunction.", "18819028": "Pneumococcal surface adhesin A (PsaA) is a surface-exposed common 37-kilodalton multi-functional lipoprotein detected on all known serotypes of Streptococcus pneumoniae. This lipoprotein belongs to the ABC-type transport protein complex that transports Mn(2+); it is also an adhesin that plays a major role in pneumococcal attachment to the host cell and virulence. PsaA is immunogenic and natural nasopharyngeal colonization of pneumococci elicits an increase in antibody towards PsaA. Hence, PsaA is being actively evaluated as a component of a vaccine in formulations composed of pneumococcal common proteins. PsaA has been expressed as an E. coli recombinant protein, purified, and evaluated in a phase one clinical trial. This article reviews PsaA, its structure and role in pneumococcal virulence, immunogenicity, and potential to reduce nasopharyngeal colonization (a major prerequisite for pneumococcal pathogenesis) as a component of a common pneumococcal protein vaccine.", "19466205": "Obesity is a pandemic which has been rapidly developing for three decades. When a population is submitted to the same nutritional stress, some individuals are less susceptible to diet-induced weight gain and hyperglycemia. This observation suggests that other mechanisms are involved which are not directly related to the human genome. The human gut contains an immense number of microorganisms, collectively known as the microbiota. Evidence that gut microbiota composition can differ between obese and lean humans has led to the speculation that gut microbiota can participate in the pathophysiology of obesity. Different mechanisms have been proposed to explain the link between gut flora and obesity. The first mechanism consists in the role of the gut microbiota to increase energy extraction from indigestible dietary polysaccharides. The second, consists in the role of gut flora to modulate plasma lipopolysaccharide levels which triggers chronic low-grade inflammation leading to obesity and diabetes. A third mechanism proposes that gut microbiota may induce regulation of host genes that modulate how energy is expended and stored. However, further studies are needed to clarify a number of issues related to the relationship between the gut microbiota and obesity.", "7911078": "Autolymphocyte therapy (ALT) is tumor-specific adoptive cellular therapy of neoplastic disease in human tumor-bearing hosts based upon nonspecific ex vivo activation of autologous peripheral blood lymphocytes. We have previously demonstrated that nonspecific ex vivo activation of splenocytes from murine tumor-bearing hosts using a mixed-lymphocyte culture supernatant without tumor antigen results in the expansion of the CD44+ (memory) T-cell subset and that depletion of these CD44+ T-cells results in the abrogation of all in vivo anti-tumor effects. To examine other means of generating anti-tumor-specific effectors, splenocytes of C57BL/6J healthy syngeneic mice and mice with B16 melanoma (B16 mice) or Lewis lung (3LL) carcinoma (3LL mice) were activated ex vivo using low doses of the mitogenic monoclonal antibody OKT3 and a mixture of previously prepared autologous cytokines (T3CS). Immunophenotypic studies of splenocytes pre- and postactivation by T3CS revealed preferential expansion of Thy-1.2+CD44+ (memory) T-cells. 3LL and B16 mice received ALT cells derived from splenocytes of 3LL mice, B16 mice, or healthy mice; fresh splenocytes from 3LL or B16 mice; or CD44-depleted ALT cells derived from splenocytes of 3LL or B16 mice. Significant anti-tumor activity as shown by a reduction in primary tumor size, decreased mean number of lung metastases (Day 21), and prolonged survival was demonstrated in 3LL mice that received 3LL-derived ALT cells and in B16 mice that received B16-derived ALT cells. To test long-term immunity, adoptive transfer of subtherapeutic numbers of ex vivo activated Thy-1.2+ memory T-cells were infused into healthy congenic B6.PL Thy-1a/CY (Thy-1.1+) mice. On rechallenge with 3LL or B16 tumor, long-term tumor-specific immunity was shown to be dependent on donor Thy-1.2+ memory T-cells. These data demonstrate that tumor-specific adoptive cellular therapy and long-term tumor immunity is possible using splenocytes from tumor-bearing mice that are activated ex vivo by T3CS and is dependent on the infusion of memory T-cells. These data are consistent with clinical results in patients with metastatic melanoma and renal cell carcinoma treated with T3CS-activated lymphocytes.", "23365606": "Liver regeneration after partial hepatectomy (PHx) is a physiological response for maintaining homeostasis. The aim of this study is to investigate effects of Elephantopus scaber L.- (ESL-) induced liver regeneration on growth factors (HGF and IGF-1), cell cycle regulation, and apoptosis suppressed. In this study, we fed five Chinese medicinal herbs (1\u2009g/kg/day), Codonopsis pilosula (CP, Dangshen), Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge (SMB, Danshen,), Bupleurum kasi (BK, Chaihu), Elephantopus scaber L. (ESL, Teng-Khia-U), and Silymarin (Sm, 25\u2009mg/kg) for 7 days to male Spraue-Dawley rats. Then surgical 2/3\u2009PHx was conducted and liver regeneration mechanisms were estimated on the following 24\u2009hrs and 72\u2009hrs. The activities of growth factors (HGF and IGF-I) and cell cycle proteins were measured by Western blot and RT-PCR. Histological analysis and apoptosis were detected by H&E stain and TUNEL. The results showed that extraction of Elephantopus scaber L. (ESL) and Silymarin (Sm, positive control) were increased protein expression levels of HGF and IGF-1 which leads into cell cycle. These results suggest that the ESL plays a crucial role in cell cycle-induced liver regeneration and apoptosis. These results suggested that the ESL plays a crucial role in cell cycle-induced liver regeneration and suppressed hepatocytes apoptosis.", "22783975": "The aim of this study was to compare pathological gamblers and skydivers in relation to measures of impulsivity and sensation seeking. The Eysenck Impulsivity Scale - Narrow Impulsiveness Subscale and the Arnett Inventory of Sensation Seeking were administered to pathological gamblers (n = 29), skydivers (n = 93), and a control group (n = 43). A two-way multivariate analysis of variance was conducted to explore differences in impulsivity and sensation seeking between the groups and possible group by gender and group by age interaction effects. The significant effects were further investigated using follow-up univariate analysis of variance. The results showed significant main effects of Group, Gender and Age, and a significant Group by Gender interaction effect. The results showed no statistically significant differences in impulsivity between pathological gamblers and skydivers; however, both groups scored higher than the controls. The skydivers scored higher compared to the pathological gamblers and controls on both sensation seeking subscales. Pathological gamblers scored higher than the controls on the subscale Need for Stimulus Intensity, although lower than the controls on the subscale Need for Novelty. We conclude that skydivers and pathological gamblers do not seem to differ in terms of impulsivity, but that the two groups differ in terms of sensation seeking. Skydivers are hence characterized by more sensation seeking compared to pathological gamblers. Skydiving, as opposed to pathological gambling, is not considered a psychiatric disorder, and skydiving may represent a more non-pathological way to fulfill the need for stimulus intensity.", "22530024": "Protein secretion is essential for all bacteria in order to interact with their environment. Mycobacterium tuberculosis depends on protein secretion to subvert host immune response mechanisms. Both the general secretion system (Sec) and the twin-arginine translocation system (Tat) are functional in mycobacteria. Furthermore, a novel type of protein translocation system named ESX has been identified. In the genome of M. tuberculosis five paralogous ESX regions (ESX-1 to ESX-5) have been found. Several components of the ESX translocation apparatus have been identified over the last ten years. The ESX regions are composed of a basic set of genes for the translocation machinery and the main substrate - a heterodimer. The best studied of these heterodimers is EsxA (ESAT-6)/EsxB (CFP-10), which has been shown to be exported by ESX-1. EsxA/B is heavily involved in virulence of M. tuberculosis. EsxG/H is exported by ESX-3 and seems to be involved in an essential iron-uptake mechanism in M. tuberculosis. These findings make ESX-3 components high profile drug targets. Until now, reporter systems for determination of ESX protein translocation have not been developed. In order to create such a reporter system, a truncated \u03b2-lactamase ('bla TEM-1) was fused to the N-terminus of EsxB, EsxG and EsxU, respectively. These constructs have then been tested in a \u03b2-lactamase (BlaS) deletion strain of Mycobacterium smegmatis. M. smegmatis \u0394blaS is highly susceptible to ampicillin. An ampicillin resistant phenotype was conferred by translocation of Bla TEM-1-Esx fusion proteins into the periplasm. BlaTEM-1-Esx fusion proteins were not found in the culture filtrate suggesting that plasma membrane translocation and outer membrane translocation are two distinct steps in ESX secretion. Thus we have developed a powerful tool to dissect the molecular mechanisms of ESX dependent protein translocation and to screen for novel components of the ESX systems on a large scale.", "14608366": "The difficulty of deriving binding ligands to targets identified by genomic sequencing has led to a bottleneck in genomic research. By inserting diverse antibody binding loops into four of the exposed loops at one end of green fluorescent protein (GFP), we have mimicked the natural antibody binding footprint to create robust binding ligands that combine the advantages of antibodies (high affinity and specificity) with those of GFP (intrinsic fluorescence, high stability, expression and solubility). These 'fluorobodies' have been used effectively in enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs), flow cytometry, immuno-fluorescence, arrays and gel shift assays, and show affinities as high as antibodies. Furthermore, the intrinsic fluorescence of fluorobodies correlates with binding activity, allowing the rapid determination of functionality, concentration and affinity. These properties render them especially suitable for the high-throughput genomic scale selections required in proteomics, as well as in diagnostics, target validation and drug development.", "19236848": "Related transcriptional enhancer factor-1 (RTEF-1) plays an important role in transcriptional regulation of angiogenic genes in hypoxic endothelial cells. The mechanisms involved in the induction of RTEF-1 expression in hypoxia are poorly understood. In bovine aortic endothelial cells (BAEC) subjected to hypoxia, Western blot and quantitative PCR analysis revealed that RTEF-1 protein and mRNA levels were significantly increased by hypoxia. To address the potential role of the hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1) in RTEF-1 induction, a hepatoma cell line deficient in HIF-1 (c4) and a control HIF-1 positive cell line (vT{2}) were exposed to hypoxia. We report that RTEF-1 protein expression assessed by either Western blotting or immunofluorescence was increased in both cell lines. This demonstrates that HIF-1 is not required for RTEF-1 upregulation by hypoxia. Conversely, RTEF-1 appeared to regulate the expression of HIF-1: HIF-1alpha promoter activity was increased (3.6-fold) by RTEF-1 overexpression in BAEC. Furthermore, RTEF-1 enhanced BAEC proliferation and tubule formation; these were inhibited by RTEF-1 knockdown with siRNA. We propose that RTEF-1, acting via HIF-1, is a key regulator of angiogenesis in response to hypoxia.", "28182513": "Upper trapezius trigger points can be debilitating and often lead to chronic pain.", "16263156": "Histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDACIs) can inhibit cell proliferation, induce cell cycle arrest, and stimulate apoptosis of cancer cells.", "22996983": "Cardiology has been and is a very significant fraction of the Brazilian contribution to science. In older days, the most significant part of this work was directed to foreign periodicals, but the quasi-simultaneous emergence of SciELO and PUBMED has ordained a redirection of much of this work to Brazilian periodicals. We here survey some of this more recent contribution for the benefit of readers of Revista Brasileira de Cirurgia Cardiovascular. This is offered as an update. Articles on the general themes of Cardiology and Pneumology published by four ISI Indexed Brazilian journals not specializing in cardiology are re-visited, after a search through 10 journals.", "23456767": "Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) is a key limited enzyme of prostaglandin (PG) synthesis and has been demonstrated to be overexpressed in cancer. N-[2-(cyclohexyloxy)-4-nitropheny]-methane sulfonamide (NS-398) is a special inhibitor of COX-2 and may suppress PGE2 release and promote immune response mechanism of cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTLs). We aimed to investigate the effect of NS-398 on the PGE2 release, proliferation of ovarian carcinoma cell line CAOV3, and immune cytotoxicity of CTLs. CAOV3 cells were incubated with 0, 50, and 100 \u03bcmol/L NS-398 for 24, 48, and 72 h. Cell viability was determined by trypan blue staining. PGE2 was measured using radioimmunoassay. CTLs were generated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells after stimulated by CAOV3 cells or CAOV3 cells treated with NS-398 when IL-2 existed. The 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay was used to evaluate the cytotoxicity of CTLs. As expected, the amount, cell density, cellular volume, and growth speed of CAOV3 cells incubated with NS-398 were significantly decreased compared with control group. This difference became more obvious with an increase in the NS-398 concentration and incubation time. Similarly, PGE2 released from CAOV3 cells treated with 50 and 100 \u03bcmol/L NS-398 was significantly decreased compared with control group (P<0.05). There was also significance in PGE2 between the two groups treated with 50 and 100 \u03bcmol/L NS-398 (P<0.05). Compared with control group, the killing rates of CTLs to CAOV3 treated with 50 and 100 \u03bcmol/L NS-398 were significantly increased (P<0.05). However, there is no significant difference between them. Together, our results suggest that NS-398 could be useful in prevention and therapy of ovarian carcinoma.", "26003452": "The aim of this study was to evaluate whether ovarian stimulation for IVF increases the risk of gynaecological cancer, including ovarian, endometrial, cervical and breast cancers, as an independent risk factor. A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted. Clinical trials that examined the association between ovarian stimulation for IVF and gynaecologic cancers were included. The outcomes of interest were incidence rate of gynaecologic cancers. Twelve cohort studies with 178,396 women exposed to IVF were included; 10 studies were used to analyse ovarian (167,640 women) and breast (151,702 women) cancers, and six studies were identified in the analysis of endometrial (116,672 women) and cervical cancer (114,799 women). Among these studies, 175 ovarian, 48 endometrial, 502 cervical and 866 cases of breast cancer were reported. The meta-analysis found no significant association between ovarian stimulation for IVF and increased ovarian, endometrial, cervical and breast cancer risk (odds ratio [OR] 1.06, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.85 to 1.32; OR 0.97, 95% CI 0.58 to 1.63; OR 0.43, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.60; OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.63 to 0.76, respectively). Ovarian stimulation for IVF, therefore, does not increase the gynaecologic cancer risk, whether hormone-dependent endometrial and breast cancer or non-hormone-dependent ovarian and cervical cancer. ", "2033668": "Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE) is a lethal disease induced by the persistence of measles virus in the human brain. In many SSPE cases, the viral matrix (M) protein cannot be detected; in others, M proteins of the expected size are found and sequence analysis of M cDNAs has confirmed that the reading frames are intact, showing only several missense mutations. To determine whether these alterations result in nonfunctional proteins, we have replaced the M gene of an infectious full-length genomic cDNA (from vaccine strain Edmonston) with different M genes derived from four patients with SSPE. One of the SSPE M genes tested proved to be functionally competent, giving rise to a virus yielding titers similar to those of viruses containing the M gene from control lytic strains. The other three SSPE M genes were not functionally competent in the same test. In all three cases, the inactivating changes resided in the carboxyl-terminal half of the M protein, as shown by the exchange of either of the two genes halves. In summary, mutational M gene alterations, which either prevent synthesis of M protein altogether or only allow synthesis of nonfunctional M protein, have been detected by us and by others in 9 of 10 SSPE cases. The one functional M gene appears to be an exception to the rule, indicating that M gene alteration might not be an absolute requirement for disease development.", "17516552": "Recent evidence has suggested microRNAs as viable therapeutic targets for a wide range of human disease. However, lack of gene-specificity of microRNA actions may hinder this application. Here we developed two new approaches, the gene-specific microRNA mimic and microRNA-masking antisense approaches, to explore the possibility of using microRNA's principle of actions in a gene-specific manner. We examined the value of these strategies as rational approaches to develop heart rate-reducing agents and \"biological pacemakers\" by manipulating the expression of the cardiac pacemaker channel genes HCN2 and HCN4. We showed that the gene-specific microRNA mimics, 22-nt RNAs designed to target the 3'untranslated regions (3'UTRs) of HCN2 and HCN4, respectively, were efficient in abrogating expression and function of HCN2 and HCN4. The gene-specific microRNA mimics repressed protein levels, accompanied by depressed f-channel conductance and the associated rhythmic activity, without affecting mRNA levels of HCN2 and HCN4. Meanwhile, we also designed the microRNA-masking antisense based on the miR-1 and miR-133 target sites in the 3'UTRs of HCN2 and HCN4 and found that these antisense oligodeoxynucleotides markedly enhanced HCN2/HCN4 expression and function, as reflected by increased protein levels of HCN2/HCN4 and If conductance, by removing the repression of HCN2/HCN4 expression induced by endogenous miR-1/miR-133. The experimental examination of these techniques and the resultant findings not only indicate feasibility of interfering miRNA action in a gene-specific fashion but also may provide a new research tool for studying function of miRNAs. The new approaches also have the potential of becoming alternative gene therapy strategies.", "19908618": "To survey the prevalence of neurocysticercosis in patients treated for epilepsy in Lusikisiki, E Cape.", "21967191": "Neuroimaging has demonstrated that improved speech outcomes in Parkinson's Disease (PD) subsequent to behavioural treatment approaches are associated with increased activity in the motor and pre-motor cortex. High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is capable of modulating cortical activity and has been reported to have significant benefit to general motor function in PD. It is possible that high-frequency rTMS may also have beneficial outcomes on speech production in PD.", "28059665": "Although vaccines would be the ideal tool for control, prevention, elimination, and eradication of many infectious diseases, developing of parasites vaccines such as malaria vaccine is very complex. The most advanced malaria vaccine candidate is RTS,S, a pre-erythrocytic vaccine for which pivotal phase III trial design is underway. Few recent malaria vaccine review articles have attempted to outline of all clinical trials that have occurred globally and no meta-analysis was performed on efficacy of Phase 3 Trial of RTS, S/AS01 Malaria vaccine up to now in infants. Therefore, a systematic review and meta-analysis was carried out to review new and existing data on efficacy of Phase 3 Trial of RTS, S/AS01 Malaria Vaccine in infants. The electronic databases searched were Pubmed (1965-present) and Web of Science (1970-present) (Search date: May, 2016). After full-text review of the papers evaluating clinical/severe malaria in several well-designed phase III field efficacy trials, 5 were determined to meet the eligibility criteria for inclusion in the systematic review. Four out of the 5 publications dealing with efficacy of Phase 3 Trial of RTS, S/AS01 malaria vaccine were included in the qualitative analysis. Pooled estimate of vaccine efficacy in clinical and severe malaria in children aged 5-17\u00a0mo was 29% (95% CL: 19%-46%) and 39% (95% CI 20%-74%), while this estimate vaccine in clinical and severe malaria in children aged 6-12\u00a0mo was 19% (95% CI 14%-24%) and 21 (95% CI 19%-37%), respectively. On the other hand, higher VE was seen in both per- protocol and intention-to-treat population in children aged 5-17 than the children aged 6-12\u00a0mo. The results of this meta-analysis suggest that this candidate malaria vaccine has relatively little efficacy, and the vaccine apparently will not meet the goal of malaria eradication by itself.", "16803864": "The orphan receptor small heterodimer partner (SHP; NROB2) is a transcriptional repressor that inhibits nuclear receptor signaling in diverse metabolic pathways. Here, we report that SHP(-/-) mice exhibited hypoinsulinemia with age, which was associated with increased peripheral insulin sensitivity and increased response of isolated islets to glucose stimulation, yet maintain normal levels of blood glucose. Deficiency in SHP function resulted in up-regulation of glucose transporter 4 mRNA and glucose uptake in muscles, and overexpression of SHP in C2C12 cells inhibited both basal and peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) coactivator-1alpha-stimulated glucose transporter 4 expression and glucose uptake. SHP(-/-) hepatocytes showed markedly decreased basal glucose production in cultures, and SHP(-/-) livers had increased glycogen stores and were more sensitive to insulin inhibition of glucose output, which were concomitant with decreased expression for PPARgamma1, fatty acid translocase, glucose-6-phosphatase, and phosphoenol/pyruvate carboxykinase, and increased mRNAs for glucokinase and pyruvate kinase. In white fat, SHP deficiency resulted in up-regulation of genes involved in insulin sensitizing, including PPARgamma2 and adiponectin. We show that, at the transcriptional level, SHP directly represses adiponectin promoter activity by PPARgamma/liver receptor homolog-1. The results suggest that the increases in insulin sensitivity through multiple signaling pathways in muscle, liver, and fat, with an increase in islet secretory function, represent the complex mechanism whereby SHP deficiency leads to improvement in insulin sensitivity, secretion, and diabetes.", "19785755": "Chronic N-Methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) administration to rats is reported to increase arachidonic acid signaling and upregulate neuroinflammatory markers in rat brain. These changes may damage brain cells. In this study, we determined if chronic NMDA administration (25 mg/kg i.p., 21 days) to rats would alter expression of pro- and anti-apoptotic factors in frontal cortex, compared with vehicle control.", "24946722": "Cancer neovascularization plays a key role in the metastasis of larynx carcinoma. However, the molecular mechanism for the neovascularization control in larynx carcinoma is poorly understood. Since placental growth factor (PLGF) has been reported to be involved in pathological angiogenesis, and since matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are essential for extracellular matrix degradation during neovascularization, here we were prompted to examine whether PLGF and MMPs may play a coordinate role in the metastasis of larynx carcinoma. Our data showed that the expression of PLGF and MMP3 strongly correlated in the larynx carcinoma in the patients, and significant higher levels of PLGF and MMP3 were detected in the larynx carcinoma from the patients with metastasis of the primary cancer. Thus, we used a human larynx carcinoma cell line, Hep-2, to examine whether expression of PLGF and MMP3 may affect each other. We found that overexpression of PLGF in Hep-2 cells increased expression of MMP3, while inhibition of PLGF in Hep-2 cells decreased expression of MMP3. However, neither overexpression, nor inhibition of MMP3 in Hep-2 cells affected the expression level of PLGF. These data suggest that PLGF may function upstream of MMP3 in larynx carcinoma cells. We then analyzed how PLGF affected MMP3. Application of a specific ERK1/2 inhibitor to PLGF-overexpressing Hep-2 cells substantially abolished the effect of PLGF on MMP3 activation, suggesting that PLGF may increase expression of MMP3 via ERK/MAPK signaling pathway. Since anti-PLGF was recently applied in clinical trials to inhibit cancer-related angiogenesis, here our data further demonstrate that inhibition of cancer neovascularization by anti-PLGF is mediated not only by direct effect on endothelial growth and capillary permeability, but also by indirect effect via MMP3 on the extracellular matrix degradation in larynx carcinoma.", "16033828": "Repair of radiation-induced DNA damage plays a critical role for both the susceptibility of patients to side effects after radiotherapy and their subsequent cancer risk. The study objective was to evaluate whether DNA repair data determined in vitro are correlated with the occurrence of acute side effects during radiotherapy.", "23365678": "Our previous studies showed positive correlation between accumulation of proNGF, activation of RhoA and neuronal death in diabetic models. Here, we examined the neuroprotective effects of selective inhibition of RhoA kinase in the diabetic rat retina and in a model that stably overexpressed the cleavage-resistance proNGF plasmid in the retina. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were rendered diabetic using streptozotocin or stably express cleavage-resistant proNGF plasmid. The neuroprotective effects of the intravitreal injection of RhoA kinase inhibitor Y27632 were examined in vivo. Effects of proNGF were examined in freshly isolated primary retinal ganglion cell (RGC) cultures and RGC-5 cell line. Retinal neurodegeneration was assessed by counting TUNEL-positive and Brn-3a positive retinal ganglion cells. Expression of proNGF, p75(NTR), cleaved-PARP, caspase-3 and p38MAPK/JNK were examined by Western-blot. Activation of RhoA was assessed by pull-down assay and G-LISA. Diabetes and overexpression of proNGF resulted in retinal neurodegeneration as indicated by 9- and 6-fold increase in TUNEL-positive cells, respectively. In vitro, proNGF induced 5-fold cell death in RGC-5 cell line, and it induced >10-fold cell death in primary RGC cultures. These effects were associated with significant upregulation of p75(NTR) and activation of RhoA. While proNGF induced TNF-\u03b1 expression in vivo, it selectively activated RhoA in primary RGC cultures and RGC-5 cell line. Inhibiting RhoA kinase with Y27632 significantly reduced diabetes- and proNGF-induced activation of proapoptotic p38MAPK/JNK, expression of cleaved-PARP and caspase-3 and prevented retinal neurodegeneration in vivo and in vitro. Taken together, these results provide compelling evidence for a causal role of proNGF in diabetes-induced retinal neurodegeneration through enhancing p75(NTR) expression and direct activation of RhoA and p38MAPK/JNK apoptotic pathways.", "11266114": "Hot pepper (Capsicum annuum) plants exhibit a hypersensitive response (HR) against infection by many tobamoviruses. A clone (CaPR-4) encoding a putative pathogenesis-related protein 4 was isolated by differential screening of a cDNA library prepared from resistant pepper plant leaves inoculated with tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) pathotype P0. The predicted amino acid sequence of CaPR-4 is very similar to those of other plant PR-4s. Southern blot analysis showed that small gene families of PR-4-related sequences were present in the pepper genome. Hot pepper cultivar Bugang, resistant to TMV-P0 and susceptible to TMV-P1.2, induced CaPR-4 expression by pathotype P0 inoculation in inoculated and systemic leaves, but not by pathotype P1.2. Effects of exogenously applied abiotic elicitors upon the CaPR-4 expression were also examined. The expression of the CaPR-4 gene was stimulated by methyl jasmonate (MeJA), ethephon and wounding treatment. However, application of salicylic acid (SA) did not trigger the expression. Evidence is emerging that jasmonic acid and ethylene play key roles in the SA-independent pathways of plant-pathogen interaction. Taken together, these results suggest that the CaPR-4 gene is one of the defense-related genes conferring resistance on pepper plants by the SA-independent pathway and the cross-talk between signaling compounds, jasmonic acid and ethylene could have a great regulatory potential in a plant's defense against TMV.", "25995336": "Glucocorticosteroids are used as a main treatment to reduce airway inflammation in people with asthma who suffer from neutrophilic airway inflammation, a condition frequently associated with Haemophilus influenzae colonization. Here we show that glucocorticosteroids have a direct influence on the behavior of H.\u00a0influenzae that may account for associated difficulties with therapy. Using a mouse model of infection, we show that corticosteroid treatment promotes H.\u00a0influenzae persistence. Transcriptomic analysis of bacteria either isolated from infected mouse airway or grown in laboratory medium identified a number of genes encoding regulatory factors whose expression responded to the presence of glucocorticosteroids. Importantly, a number of these corticosteroid-responsive genes also showed elevated expression in H.\u00a0influenzae within sputum from asthma patients undergoing steroid treatment. Addition of corticosteroid to H.\u00a0influenzae led to alteration in biofilm formation and enhanced resistance to azithromycin, and promoted azithromycin resistance in an animal model of respiratory infection. Taken together, these data strongly suggest that H.\u00a0influenzae can respond directly to corticosteroid treatment in the airway potentially influencing biofilm formation, persistence and the efficacy of antibiotic treatment. ", "24455245": "Current diagnostic tests for tuberculosis (TB) are time-consuming. The aim of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic usefulness of ADA in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid in patients with pulmonary TB. A cross-sectional study was performed in Yazd, Iran, between 2009 and 2010. Patients suspected of pulmonary TB with negative sputum smear for AFB were included in the study. Mean ADA levels in BAL fluids were measured and compared between study groups. Sixty-three patients were enrolled in the study among which 15 cases had pulmonary TB, 33 had pulmonary diseases other than TB, and 15 subjects with normal bronchoscopy results were considered as controls. Mean ADA levels in BAL fluid were 4.13 \u00b1 2.55, 2.42 \u00b1 1.06, and 1.93 \u00b1 0.88, respectively. This rate was significantly higher in the pulmonary TB group compared to the other two groups (P = 0.001). Using ROC curve with a cut-off value of 3.5\u2009IU/L, the highest sensitivity (57%) and specificity (84%) were obtained in diagnosis of TB. The results showed that although ADA activity in BAL fluid of pulmonary TB patients was higher than those seen in other diseases, a negative test does not rule out pulmonary TB. ", "24242260": "Stigma associated with HIV has been documented as a barrier for accessing quality health-related services. When the stigma manifests in the health care setting, people living with HIV receive substandard services or even be denied care altogether. Although the consequences of HIV stigma have been documented extensively, efforts to reduce these negative attitudes have been scarce. Interventions to reduce HIV stigma should be implemented as part of the formal training of future health care professionals. The interventions that have been tested with health care professionals and published have several limitations that must be surpassed (i.e. lack of comparison groups in research designs and longitudinal follow-up data). Furthermore, Latino health care professionals have been absent from these intervention efforts even though the epidemic has affected this population disproportionately.", "9603161": "Tolerance is gaining momentum as an approach to reduce lifelong immunosuppressive therapy while improving transplant longevity. Anti-CD3 immunotoxin (IT), FN18-CRM9, has potential to induce tolerance owing to its exceptional ability to deplete sessile lymph node T cells. However, if initiated at the time of transplantation, alpha-CD3-IT alone elicits a proinflammatory cytokine response, precluding establishment of tolerance.", "23971938": "Serum ascites albumin gradient (SAAG) has been recognized as a reliable marker in the differential diagnosis of ascites. The etiological background of cirrhosis is rather different between western countries and eastern countries. The threshold of SAAG in Chinese ascitic patients has not been evaluated yet. The aim of this study was to define a new reasonable threshold of SAAG in Chinese ascitic patients.", "23963747": "A high-density aligned nanoporous activated microwave exfoliated graphite oxide (aMEGO) ionic actuator is studied. Before applying an external electric field, the cations and anions are randomly distributed in the composite. After applying the electric field, ions ingress in between the aligned aMEGO sheets through the nanopores to compensate the charges on the electrodes, resulting in the separation of neighboring sheets and unidirectional electro actuation. ", "19122277": "Plagiochin E (PLE), a macrocyclic bis(bibenzyl) isolated from the liverwort Marchantia polymorpha, has been reported to have antifungal activity and resistance reversal effects on Candida albicans. In order to understand the underlying mechanisms, we studied the effects of PLE alone and in combination with fluconazole (FLC) on the ergosterol biosynthetic pathway against both FLC-sensitive and FLC-resistant strains by analyzing the sterol content and the ergosterol pathway gene (ERG) expression. Relative quantitative analysis of different ergosterol precursors was carried out by employing the hyphenated technique of gas chromatography-high resolution mass spectrometry (GC-HR-MS). We observed that for FLC-resistant strain PLE itself can cause the accumulation of lanosterol and the decrease of 14alpha-methylfecosterol. When it combined with FLC, a significant decrease was observed in ergosterol formation and corresponding accumulation of 14alpha-methylated sterols was also found. Real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis revealed that the transcription level of ERG11 was decreased in FLC-resistant strain when exposed to PLE alone or PLE plus FLC. These results suggest that PLE potentiates FLC antifungal activity by interfering with the FLC-targeted ergosterol biosynthesis pathway.", "10688189": "In biological systems, enzymes catalyse the efficient synthesis of complex molecules under benign conditions, but widespread industrial use of these biocatalysts depends crucially on the development of new enzymes with useful catalytic functions. The evolution of enzymes in biological systems often involves the acquisition of new catalytic or binding properties by an existing protein scaffold. Here we mimic this strategy using the most common fold in enzymes, the alpha/beta-barrel, as the scaffold. By combining an existing binding site for structural elements of phosphoribosylanthranilate with a catalytic template required for isomerase activity, we are able to evolve phosphoribosylanthranilate isomerase activity from the scaffold of indole-3-glycerol-phosphate synthase. We find that targeting the catalytic template for in vitro mutagenesis and recombination, followed by in vivo selection, results in a new phosphoribosylanthranilate isomerase that has catalytic properties similar to those of the natural enzyme, with an even higher specificity constant. Our demonstration of divergent evolution and the widespread occurrence of the alpha/beta-barrel suggest that this scaffold may be a fold of choice for the directed evolution of new biocatalysts.", "12757116": "Vomiting, aspiration, flatulence, and diarrhea are well-known negative side effects of enteral nutrition through percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (PEG). However, it is not yet clarified if pump-assisted (PA) or gravity-controlled (GC) application is the more comfortable and safe choice for long-term nutrition through PEG.", "2214028": "The integration protein (IN) of Moloney murine leukemia virus (MuLV), purified after being produced in yeast cells, has been analyzed for its ability to bind its putative viral substrates, the att sites. An electrophoretic mobility shift assay revealed that the Moloney MuLV IN protein binds synthetic oligonucleotides containing att sequences, with specificity towards its cognate (MuLV) sequences. The terminal 13 base pairs, which are identical at both ends of viral DNA, are sufficient for binding if present at the ends of oligonucleotide duplexes in the same orientation as in linear viral DNA. However, only weak binding was observed when the same sequences were positioned within a substrate in a manner simulating att junctions in circular viral DNA with two long terminal repeats. Binding to att sites in oligonucleotides simulating linear viral DNA was dependent on the presence of the highly conserved CA residues preceding the site for 3' processing (an IN-dependent reaction that removes two nucleotides from the 3' ends of linear viral DNA); mutation of CA to TG abolished binding, and a CA to TA change reduced affinity by at least 20-fold. Removal of either the terminal two base pairs from both ends of the oligonucleotide duplex or the terminal two nucleotides from the 3' ends of each strand did not affect binding. The removal of three 3' terminal nucleotides, however, abolished binding, suggesting an essential role for the A residue immediately upstream of the 3' processing site in the binding reaction. These results help define the sequence requirements for att site recognition by IN, explain the conservation of the subterminal CA dinucleotide, and provide a simple assay for sequence-specific IN activity.", "18401421": "Mutations in nucleophosmin (NPM) exon 12 and the resulting delocalization of NPM into the cytoplasm are the most specific and frequent cellular events in acute myeloid leukemia patients (AML) with normal karyotype. Cytoplasmatic NPM (NPMc+) is associated with responsiveness to chemotherapy and better prognosis. The activation of nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) has been demonstrated to occur in a subset of AML patients and is thought to induce resistance to many chemotherapeutical agents. In this study, we demonstrate the increased in vitro sensitivity of NPMc+ cells to chemotherapeutical agents and their reduced NF-kappaB activity. Furthermore, we provide evidence of the interaction between NPMc+ and NF-kappaB in the cytoplasm, resulting in the sequestration and inactivation of NF-kappaB. The cytosolic localization and consequent inactivation of NF-kappaB justifies the reduced NF-kappaB DNA-binding activity observed in NPMc+ patients. These data, taken together, may provide a possible explanation for the increased rate of chemosensitivity observed among the NPMc+ patients.", "21547151": "Theranostic applications require coupling of diagnosis and therapy, a high degree of specificity and adaptability to delivery methods compatible with clinical practice. The tunable physical and biological effects of selective targeting and activation of plasmonic nanobubbles (PNB) were studied in a heterogeneous biological microenvironment of prostate cancer and stromal cells. All cells were targeted with conjugates of gold nanoparticles (NPs) through an antibody-receptor-endocytosis-nanocluster mechanism that produced NP clusters. The simultaneous pulsed optical activation of intracellular NP clusters at several wavelengths resulted in higher optical contrast and therapeutic selectivity of PNBs compared with those of gold NPs alone. The developed mechanism was termed \"rainbow plasmonic nanobubbles.\" The cellular effect of rainbow PNBs was tuned in situ in target cells, thus supporting a theranostic algorithm of prostate cancer cell detection and follow-up guided destruction without damage to collateral cells. The specificity and tunability of PNBs is promising for theranostic applications and we discuss a fiber optic platform that will capitalize on these features to bring theranostic tools to the clinic.", "15370385": "This study aimed to replicate and cross-validate the Rapid Screen of Concussion (RSC) for diagnosing mild TBI (mTBI). One hundred (81 male, 19 female) cases of mTBI and 35 (23 male and 12 female) cases of orthopaedic injuries were tested within 24 hr of injury. Double cross-validation was used to examine whether total RSC scores obtained in the current sample, generalised to one previously reported. In the new sample, mTBI patients answered fewer orientation questions, recalled fewer words on the learning trial and after a delay, judged fewer sentences in 2 min, and completed fewer symbols in the Digit Symbol Substitution Test than orthopaedic controls. The formulae and cut-offs developed on the original and new samples produced similar sensitivity and overall correct classification rates. Inclusion of the Digit Symbol Substitution Test performance of the new sample improved the sensitivity (80.2%) and specificity (82.6%) in males. It did not improve the correct classification rate in females, which was 89.5% sensitivity and 91.7% specificity before the inclusion of the Digit Symbol Substitution Test. Taken together, these results indicate that a combined score on this 12-min screen yields a measure of level of brain impairment up to 24 hr after mTBI.", "6897379": "Histological evidence of retinal damage associated with the clinical observation of Retinopathy of Prematurity (ROP) grade III was documented in preterm infants receiving the minimum dosage of vitamin E recommended by the American Academy of Pediatrics (5 mg/kg/day), and exposed to high concentration/duration of oxygen at birth. Matched infants that were provided a higher oral dosage of vitamin E (100 mg/kg/day) did not develop the serious grade of retinopathy (grade III) (1,2). In this paper cytological correlates are described which substantiate pre-existing theories concerning the pathological changes associated with the development of the disease at a light microscopic level. Moreover, observations made at the electronmicroscopic level permit distinctions to be made concerning the newly formed retinal vessels, in treated versus non-treated infants, that have not been noted in the history of this disease. These retinal distinctions suggest that vitamin E may be efficacious in reducing the severity of ROP. Lastly, a mechanism is suggested for the action of vitamin E in reducing the severity of ROP.", "26568859": "Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis (SBP) is a common and important clinical problem and is life-threatening in decompensated liver disease. Ascites fluid test by leukocyte esterase test strip has been recently proposed as an effective and rapid method to diagnose SBP in patients with cirrhosis.", "24397981": "We recently reported that ramipril more than doubled maximum walking times in patients with peripheral artery disease with intermittent claudication.", "28788903": "3cells/s at 100\u03bcL/min and 3mL/min volume flow rates for cultured picophytoplankton and nanophytoplankton detection, respectively, and a broad imaging range from ~1\u03bcm up to 300\u03bcm covering most marine phytoplankton cell sizes with just one 40 \u00d7 objective. The simultaneous realization of high resolution, high sensitivity and high throughput with spectral resolving power of the system is expected to promote the technology towards more practical applications that demand automated phytoplankton analysis.", "19933356": "Bacterial two-hybrid studies of randomly cloned Escherichia coli DNA identified a physical interaction between GyrA, subunit A of gyrase, and MarR, a repressor of the marRAB operon. GyrA-His immobilized on Ni-nitrilotriacetic acid (NiNTA) resin bound MarR, while MarR alone did not bind. GyrA interfered with MarR binding to marO, as detected by electrophoretic mobility assays. In a strain bearing the marRAB operon and a marO-lacZ reporter, overexpression of GyrA increased LacZ activity, indicating decreased repression of marO-lacZ by MarR. These results were confirmed by an increased survival of cells treated with quinolones and other antibiotics when GyrA was overexpressed. This work, like a previous study examining TktA (12), shows that unrelated proteins can regulate MarR activity. The findings reveal an unexpected regulatory function of GyrA in antibiotic resistance.", "20727991": "Recently much attention has been given to the anti-cancer drug nutlin-3a, an antagonist of murine double minute 2 (MDM2) that actively inhibits p53-MDM2 interaction. Reactivating p53 function by nutlin-3a thus provides a promising therapeutic strategy for the treatment of cancer. Although nutlin-3a seems a potential candidate in restoring p53 activity, it has many lacunae, toxicity, poor bioavailability, nonspecific delivery, and most importantly it is a substrate of multidrug resistance protein. The objective of the present study is to prepare and characterize nutlin-3a loaded poly(lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA) nanoparticles (NPs), surface functionalized with epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM) antibody, with an aim to deliver encapsulated drug in a targeted manner to its site of action and to enhance its therapeutic efficacy many times over. The enhanced cellular uptake of EpCAM antibody conjugated nutlin-3a loaded NPs (EpCAM-nutlin-3a-NPs) over native nulin-3a, nutlin-3a loaded NPs (nutlin-3a-NPs) in HCT116 and A549 cells substantiate the targeting potentiality of conjugated system. IC\u2085\u2080 values depicted superior antiproliferative activity of EpCAM-nutlin-3a-NPs over nutlin-3a-NPs and native nutlin-3a in the above studied cell lines. Cell cycle arrest, loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and apoptosis induced by above formulation were confirmed by flow cytometry. Expression of p53, p21, EpCAM, and C-myc proteins involved in cell cycle regulation and apoptosis were investigated by western blotting. The above investigation indicates the enhanced therapeutic ability of EpCAM-nutlin-3a-NPs compared to nutlin-3a or nutlin-3a-NPs. Thus, our results suggest that EpCAM-nutlin-3a-NPs could be a potentially useful drug carrier system for targeted delivery of potent anti-cancer drug nutlin-3a for cancer therapy.", "22431929": "Vascular anomalies comprise a widely heterogeneous group of tumours and malformations. Haemangioma is the most common benign tumour of vascular origin of the head and neck region. The possible sites of occurrence in oral cavity are lips, tongue, buccal mucosa, and palate. Despite its benign origin and behaviour, it is always of clinical importance to the dental profession and requires appropriate management. This case study reports a rare case of capillary haemangioma on the palatal gingiva in a 14-year-old female.", "25381057": "Hepatitis E virus (HEV), the causative agent of hepatitis E, is a single-stranded positive-sense RNA virus belonging to the family Hepeviridae. At least four genotypes of the family infect humans: genotypes 1 and 2 are transmitted to humans through contaminated water, while genotypes 3 and 4 are zoonotic and have animal reservoirs. A novel strain of HEV recently identified in rabbits is a distant member of genotype 3, and thus poses a potential risk of zoonotic transmission to humans. The objective of this study was to construct and characterize an infectious cDNA clone of the rabbit HEV. Two full-length cDNA clones of rabbit HEV, pT7g-rabHEV and pT7-rabHEV, were constructed and their infectivity was tested by in vitro transfection of Huh7 human liver cells and by direct intrahepatic inoculation of rabbits with capped RNA transcripts. Results showed that positive signal for rabbit HEV protein was detected by an immunofluorescence assay with a HEV-specific antibody in Huh7 human liver cells transfected with capped RNA transcripts from the two full-length cDNA clones. Rabbits intrahepatically inoculated with capped RNA transcripts from each of the two clones developed active HEV infection as evidenced by seroconversion to anti-HEV antibodies, and detection of rabbit HEV RNA in sera and feces of inoculated animals. The availability of a rabbit HEV infectious cDNA clone now affords us the ability to delineate the mechanism of HEV replication and cross-species infection in a small animal model. ", "7923908": "Autolymphocyte therapy (ALT) is adoptive cellular therapy of neoplastic disease based upon ex vivo activation of autologous peripheral blood mononuclear cells by either the supernatant derived from a previously prepared one-way mixed lymphocyte culture (MLC) or using low doses of the mitogenic monoclonal antibody anti-CD3 and a mixture of previously prepared autologous cytokines (T3CS). We have previously demonstrated that nonspecific ex vivo activation of splenocytes from murine tumor-bearing hosts (TBH) using an MLC supernatant or T3CS without the use of tumor antigen results in the expansion of the CD44+ (memory) T-cell subset. These memory T cells or autolymphocytes (ALT cells) mediate in vivo specificity when infused into murine TBH. To determine if cyclophosphamide (CY) could enhance the effectiveness of these ALT cells, C57BL/6J TBH with B16 melanoma or Lewis lung (3LL) carcinoma were treated with adoptive chemoimmunotherapy (ACIT) consisting of ALT cells and varying doses of CY. ALT cells were derived from the splenocytes of C57BL/6J TBH with B16 melanoma or 3LL carcinoma and activated ex vivo with T3CS. 3LL or B16 TBH received ALT cells derived from 3LL TBH splenocytes, B16 TBH splenocytes, CY alone, or ACIT with ALT cells and CY. Significantly greater antitumor activity as demonstrated by a decreased number of lung metastases (Day 21) and cure of primary and metastatic disease (Day 100) was seen in B16 or 3LL TBH that received ACIT using CY with B16-derived and 3LL-derived ALT cells, respectively, rather than ALT cells alone, CY alone, or ACIT with CY and reciprocal tumor-derived ALT cells. TBH cured by ACIT using CY and ALT cells derived from syngeneic TBH with the identical tumor displayed tumor-specific immunity as they were able to reject a lethal challenge of their previous B16 or 3LL tumor but not reciprocal tumors. TBH cured by ACIT using CY and ALT cells derived from splenocytes of syngeneic TBH with reciprocal tumors were able to reject lethal challenges of both tumors. These data demonstrate that effective ACIT using CY combined with ex vivo T3CS-activated CD44+ memory T cells from TBH conveys long-term tumor-specific immunity.", "21252304": "Gastrin-releasing peptide (GRP) is synthesized by pulmonary neuroendocrine cells in inflammatory lung diseases, such as bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD). Many BPD infants develop asthma, a serious disorder of intermittent airway obstruction. Despite extensive research, early mechanisms of asthma remain controversial. The incidence of asthma is growing, now affecting >300 million people worldwide. To test the hypothesis that GRP mediates asthma, we used two murine models: ozone exposure for air pollution-induced airway hyperreactivity (AHR), and ovalbumin (OVA)-induced allergic airway disease. BALB/c mice were given small molecule GRP blocking agent 77427, or GRP blocking antibody 2A11, before exposure to ozone or OVA challenge. In both models, GRP blockade abrogated AHR and bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) macrophages and granulocytes, and decreased BAL cytokines implicated in asthma, including those typically derived from Th1 (e.g., IL-2, TNF\u03b1), Th2 (e.g., IL-5, IL-13), Th17 (IL-17), macrophages (e.g., MCP-1, IL-1), and neutrophils (KC = IL-8). Dexamethasone generally had smaller effects on all parameters. Macrophages, T cells, and neutrophils express GRP receptor (GRPR). GRP blockade diminished serine phosphorylation of GRPR with ozone or OVA. Thus, GRP mediates AHR and airway inflammation in mice, suggesting that GRP blockade is promising as a broad-spectrum therapeutic approach to treat and/or prevent asthma in humans.", "15935697": "As HuGM-CSF and huIL-6 seem to have synergistic and complementary actions, researchers have proposed that fusion proteins incorporating these two cytokines could show increased biological activity, especially in terms of hematopoietic function. Here, we sought to obtain a functional GM-CSF/IL-6 fusion protein and to investigate its biological activities in vitro. A novel construct encoding a fusion protein of huGM-CSF (9-127) and IL-6 (29-184) was generated in the pBV220 expression vector by step-by-step cloning. Amino acids 1-8 of huGM-CSF and amino acids 1-28 of huIL-6 were deleted by PCR. The mutant huGM-CSF (9-127) and huIL-6 (29-184) cDNAs were linked via a linker sequence encoding 15 amino acid residues (G-G-S-G-S)3. Direct sequencing was used to confirm the validity of the desired construct, and the fusion protein was expressed in Escherichia coli host strain BL21 (DE3) in the form of inclusion bodies (IBs). The expression level was more than 25% of the total cell lysate, and a novel purification and refolding strategy was used to isolate the fusion protein product. Inclusion bodies were purified by Q Sepharose H.P. ion exchange in 8 mol/L urea, followed by in situ refolding by Sephacryl S-200. The renatured fusion proteins were obtained at a purity of >95%, and the strategy of refolding on the gel filtration column was found to be efficient, with a relative refolding rate of 80%. This entire refolding and purification procedure could be performed within one day and may prove applicable to large-scale purification and refolding of recombinant proteins from IBs in E. coli. This new method was used to obtain huGM-CSF (9-127)/IL-6 (29-184) fusion protein with high purity and biological activity. MTT assays in TF-1 and B9 cell lines showed that the specific biological activity of huGM-CSF was 1.14+/-0.10 x 10(8) U/mg, and that for huIL-6 was 1.89+/-0.11 x 10(7) U/mg. The fusion protein exhibited enhanced huGM-CSF, but similar huIL-6 biological activities compared with those of either GM-CSF or IL-6 alone. This suggests that our novel huGM-CSF (9-127)/IL-6 (29-184) fusion protein may hold future promise as a therapeutic agent.", "20105430": "Thymoquinone (TQ), derived from the medicinal spice Nigella sativa (also called black cumin), has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer activities. In this report we employed polymer-based nanoparticle approach to improve upon its effectiveness and bioavailability. TQ was encapsulated with 97.5% efficiency in biodegradable nanoparticulate formulation based on poly (lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA) and the stabilizer polyethylene glycol (PEG)-5000. Dynamic laser light scattering and transmission electron microscopy confirmed particle diameter between 150 and 200nm. Electrophoretic gel shift mobility assay showed that TQ nanoparticles (NP) were more active than TQ in inhibiting NF-kappaB activation and in suppressing the expression of cyclin D1, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), those are markers of cell proliferation, metastasis and angiogenesis, respectively. TQ-NP were also more potent than TQ in suppressing proliferation of colon cancer, breast cancer, prostate cancer, and multiple myeloma cells. Esterase staining for plasma membrane integrity revealed that TQ-NP were more potent than TQ in sensitizing leukemic cells to TNF- and paclitaxel-induced apoptosis. Overall our results demonstrate that encapsulation of TQ into nanoparticles enhances its anti-proliferative, anti-inflammatory, and chemosensitizing effects.", "26003676": "Infectious bursal disease (IBD) is considered a vital viral disease that threatens the poultry industry worldwide. In this study, a recombinant single chain variable fragment (scFv) antibody library derived from chickens immunized with VP2 protein of infectious bursal disease virus (IBDV) was constructed. The library was subjected to three rounds of screening by flow cytometry (FCM) against VP2/IBDV through a bacteria display technology, resulting in the enrichment of scFvs. Three scFv clones with different fluorescence intensity were obtained by colony pick up at random. The obtained scFv antibodies were expressed and purified. Relative affinity assay showed the three clones had different sensitivity to VP2, in accordance with fluorescence activity cell sorting analysis (FACS). The potential use of the isolated IBDV-specific scFv antibodies was demonstrated by the successful application of these antibodies in Western blotting and ELISA assay. What's more, in vitro neutralization measurement showed that one of the three isolated antibodies possessed the neutralization function against IBDV. This study provides new strategies for screening of antibody library, and scFv antibodies isolated in this study may be utilized as lead candidates for further development of diagnostic or therapeutic antibodies for detection and treatment of IBDV infection.", "16230623": "We explored the potential of using a bacteriophage integrase system to achieve site-specific genome integration of murine phenylalanine hydroxylase cDNA in the livers of phenylketonuric (PKU) mice. The phiBT1 phage integrase is an enzyme that catalyses the efficient recombination between unique sequences in the phage and bacterial genomes, leading to the site-specific integration of the former into the latter in a unidirectional manner. Here we showed that this phage integrase functions efficiently in mouse cells, and several naturally occurring pseudo-attP sites located in the intergenic regions of the mouse genome have been identified and molecularly characterized. We further demonstrated that the addition of nuclear localization signal sequences to the C terminus of the phage integrase enhanced the efficiency for transgene integration into the mouse genome. Using this phage integration system, we delivered mouse phenylalanine hydroxylase cDNA to the livers of PKU mice by hydrodynamic injection of plasmid DNA and showed that the severity of the hyperphenylalaninemic phenotype in the treated mice decreased significantly. After three applications, serum phenylalanine levels in all treated PKU mice were reduced to the normal range and remained stable thereafter. Their fur color also changed from gray to black, indicating the reconstitution of melanin biosynthesis as a result of available tyrosine derived from reconstituted phenylalanine hydroxylation in the liver. Thus, the phiBT1 bacteriophage integrase represents an effective site-specific genome integration system in mammalian cells and can be of great value in DNA-mediated gene therapy for a multitude of genetic disorders.", "17135312": "Since trivalent arsenicals are known to induce oxidative DNA damage in human cells, we asked if they induce other types of DNA damage and how these DNA damages are repaired. Treatment of human promyelocytic leukemia NB4 cells with 0.5 microM As2O3 for 30 min induced no DNA breaks, as analyzed by a standard comet assay. However, breaks were detected if these cells were then digested with endonuclease III (EnIII), formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase (Fpg), or a nuclear extract (NE) of NB4 cells. Using either H2O2-Fe treated nuclei or As2O3-treated cells, digestion with either NE or EnIII+Fpg generated the same amount of breaks, and subsequent treatment with EnIII+Fpg resulted in no increase in breaks in NE-digested cells and vice versa. The human cell lines, defective in nucleotide excision protein, such as XPA, XPD, and XPG, excised UVC-induced adducts less rapidly than normal fibroblasts, but excised As2O3-adducts at the same rate as the normal cells. Immunodepletion of the NE with antibody against OGG1 or MYH decreased the incision of DNA adducts induced by As2O3, NaAsO2, monomethylarsonic acid, and dimethylarsinic acid, while antibodies against XPA, XPB, XPD, XPF, or XPG, did not. These results suggest that these trivalent arsenicals induce the formation of only oxidative DNA adducts and that OGG1 and MYH are involved in these incision processes.", "27134183": "This article aims at evaluating the effectiveness of abduction and external rotation (ABER) position used in magnetic resonance (MR) arthrography for diagnosing rotator cuff tears.", "16738545": "MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small RNA molecules that regulate the stability or the translational efficiency of target messenger RNAs (mRNAs). The latency-associated transcript (LAT) of herpes simplex virus-1 (HSV-1) is the only viral gene expressed during latent infection in neurons. LAT inhibits apoptosis and maintains latency by promoting the survival of infected neurons. No protein product has been attributed to the LAT gene and the mechanism by which LAT protects cells from apoptosis is not yet known. Here we show that a miRNA encoded by the HSV-1 LAT gene confers resistance to apoptosis. Neuroblastoma cells transfected with a fragment of the LAT gene show reduced susceptibility to cell death. The anti-apoptotic function of LAT has been mapped to a region within the first exon. We have identified and characterized a microRNA (miR-LAT) generated from the exon 1 region of the HSV-1 LAT gene. The LAT miRNA was found to accumulate in cells transiently transfected with the LAT gene fragment or infected with a wild-type strain of HSV-1. A mutant virus in which a 372-nucleotide fragment encompassing the mature miRNA was deleted neither protected the infected cells from apoptosis nor generated an miRNA. miR-LAT exerts its anti-apoptotic effect by downregulation of transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta 1 and SMAD3 expression, both of which are functionally linked in the TGF-beta pathway. Our results suggest that the miRNA encoded by the HSV-1 LAT gene regulates the induction of apoptosis in infected cells by modulation of TGF-beta signalling and thus contributes to the persistence of HSV in a latent form in sensory neurons.", "12454141": "Hepatitis E virus (HEV) is an important cause of enterically transmitted hepatitis in developing countries. Sporadic autochthonous cases of hepatitis E have been reported recently in the United States and other industrialized countries. The source of HEV infection in these cases is unknown; zoonotic transmission has been suggested. Antibodies to HEV have been detected in many animals in areas where HEV is endemic and in domestic swine and rats in the United States. There is evidence supporting HEV transmission between swine and humans. Nevertheless, HEV has not been detected in wild rodents. We tested murid rodents and house shrews trapped in Nepal's Kathmandu Valley, where hepatitis E is hyperendemic, for HEV infection. The most commonly trapped species was Rattus rattus brunneusculus. Serum samples from 675 animals were tested for immunoglobulin G against HEV by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay; 78 (12%) were positive, indicating acute or past infection. Antibody prevalence was higher among R. rattus brunneusculus and Bandicota bengalensis than in Suncus murinus. Forty-four specimens from 78 antibody-positive animals had sufficient residual volume for detection of HEV RNA (viremia) by reverse transcription-PCR. PCR amplification detected four animals (9%; three were R. rattus brunneusculus and one was B. bengalensis) with viremia. Phylogenetic analysis of the four genome sequences (405 bp in the capsid gene) recovered showed that they were identical, most closely related to two human isolates from Nepal (95 and 96% nucleotide homology, respectively), and distinct from HEV sequences isolated elsewhere. These data prove that certain peridomestic rodents acquire HEV in the wild and suggest that cross-species transmission occurs, with rodents serving as a virus reservoir for humans.", "24611076": "Microbiologic culture of urine is an important component in the diagnosis of urinary tract infections (UTI). However, confounding factors like the patient's current history of antibiotic usage can affect the interpretation of urine culture results.", "21129477": "Ginseng has long been used to alleviate many ailments, particularly those associated with aging and memory deterioration. In the present study we aimed to investigate the neuroprotective effects of ginsenoside Rb1, against A\u03b2(1-42) toxicity in cultured cortical neurons and also the potential involvement of PI3K/Akt/GSK-3\u03b2 signal pathway. Cortical neurons were pre-treated with ginsenoside Rb1 (20, 40, 100 \u03bcM) or LiCl (1, 5, 10 mM) for 24 h, and then were co-treated with 20 \u03bcM A\u03b2(1-42) for 12 h. In some experiments to evaluate the mechanism of Rb1 action, a PI3K inhibitor (LY294002 10 \u03bcM) was co-administered with Rb1 for the 24-h pretreatment. We revealed that Rb1 significantly attenuated A\u03b2(1-42)-induced neurotoxicity and tau hyperphosphorylation at multiple AD-related sites in a dose-dependent manner. Simultaneously, it increased the levels of phospho-Ser(473)-Akt and down-regulated GSK-3\u03b2 activity by PI3K activation. The neuroprotective effects of Rb1 against A\u03b2(1-42)-induced neurotoxicity and tau hyperphosphorylation were blocked by LY294002 (10 \u03bcM), a PI3K inhibitor. In addition, Rb1 reversed the A\u03b2(1-42)-induced decrease in phosphorylation cyclic AMP response element binding (CREB) protein, which could also be blocked by the PI3K inhibitor. All these findings suggest that Rb1 may represent a potential treatment strategy for Alzheimer's disease.", "16009522": "Long-term and repeated exposure of ultraviolet (UV) light, a harmful environmental stress, on the skin often induces chronic skin diseases, such as skin cancer as well as photo-aging (premature skin aging), and the mechanisms of these skin damages are closely associated with up-regulation of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) activities. Here, we investigated the effect of quercetin-3-O-beta-d-(6''-feruloyl)-galactopyranoside isolated from the stems of Viola hondoensis (Violaceae) on the expression of MMPs in UV-irradiated human skin fibroblasts in vitro. Quercetin-3-O-beta-d-(6''-feruloyl)-galactopyranoside markedly reduced UV-induced MMP-1 expression at the protein levels in a dose-dependent manner. Our report is the first description for the ability of quercetin-3-O-beta-d-(6''-feruloyl)-galactopyranoside to regulate UV-induced MMP-1 expression.", "23906611": "The present study examines the use of CS/TPP nanoparticles for gene delivery in different tissues of shrimp through oral route. The viral gene of WSSV was used to construct DNA vaccines using pcDNA 3.1, a eukaryotic expression vector and the constructs were named as pVP28. The CS/TPP nanoparticles were synthesized by ionic gelation process and these particles were characterized. The structure and morphology of the nanoparticles were studied by field emission scanning electron microscopy (FE-SEM) and FTIR (Fourier Transform Infrared Spectra). The cytotoxicity of CS/TPP nanoparticles was evaluated by MTT assay using fish cell line. The expression of gene was confirmed by Immuno-dot blot, ELISA and RT-PCR analyses. The results indicate that DNA can be easily delivered into shrimp by feeding with CS/TPP nanoparticles. ", "12642615": "Paramyosin is a major structural protein of thick filaments in invertebrate muscles. Coiled-coil dimers of paramyosin form a paracrystalline core of these filaments, and the motor protein myosin is arranged on the core surface. To investigate the function of paramyosin in myofibril assembly and muscle contraction, we functionally disrupted the Drosophila melanogaster paramyosin gene by mobilizing a P element located in its promoter region. Homozygous paramyosin mutants die at the late embryo stage. Mutants display defects in both myoblast fusion and in myofibril assembly in embryonic body wall muscles. Mutant embryos have an abnormal body wall muscle fiber pattern arising from defects in myoblast fusion. In addition, sarcomeric units do not assemble properly and muscle contractility is impaired. We confirmed that these defects are paramyosin-specific by rescuing the homozygous paramyosin mutant to adulthood with a paramyosin transgene. Antibody analysis of normal embryos demonstrated that paramyosin accumulates as a cytoplasmic protein in early embryo development before assembling into thick filaments. We conclude that paramyosin plays an unexpected role in myoblast fusion and is important for myofibril assembly and muscle contraction.", "8868234": "A genomic library of Ruminococcus albus 8 DNA was constructed in Escherichia coli using bacteriophage lambda ZapII. This library was screened for cellulase components and several Ostazin brilliant red/carboxymethyl cellulose positive clones were isolated. All of these clones contained a common 3.4-kb insert, which was recovered as a plasmid by helper phage excision. The carboxymethyl cellulase coding region was localized to a 1.4-kb region of DNA by nested deletions, and a clone containing the entire celA gene was sequenced. Analysis of the sequence revealed a 1231-bp open reading frame, coding for a protein of 411 amino acids with a predicted molecular weight of 45 747. This protein, designated CelA, showed extensive homology with family 5 endoglucanases by both primary amino acid sequence alignment and hydrophobic cluster analysis. Cell-free extracts of E. coli containing the celA clone demonstrated activity against carboxymethyl cellulose and acid swollen cellulose but not against any of the p-nitrophenol glycosides tested, indicating an endo-beta-1,4-glucanase type of activity. In vitro transcription-translation experiments showed that three proteins of 48,000, 44,000, and 23,000 molecular weight were produced by clones containing the celA gene. Northern analysis of RNA extracted from R. albus 8 grown on cellulose indicated a celA transcript of approximately 2700 bases, whereas when R. albus 8 was grown on cellobiose, celA transcripts of approximately 3000 and 600 bases were detected. Primer extension analysis of these RNAs revealed different transcription initiation sites for the celA gene when cells were grown with cellulose or cellobiose as the carbon source. These two sites differed by 370 bases in distance. A model, based on transcription and sequence data, is proposed for celA regulation.", "25135431": "Cancer stem cells (CSCs) in most human tumors are commonly identified and enriched using similar strategies for identifying normal stem cells, including flow cytometry assays for side population, high aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) activity, and CD133 positivity. Thus, development of a method for isolating a specific cancer using cancer-specific characteristic appears to be potentially important. Here, we reported extremely high Lgr5 levels in the specimen from skin squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) in patients. Using SCC cell line A431, we detected high Lgr5 and CD133 levels in ALDH-high or side population from these cancer cells. To figure out whether Lgr5 is a marker of CSCs in SCC, we transfected A431 cells with a Lgr5-creERT-2A-DTR/Cag-Loxp-GFP-STOP-Loxp-RFP plasmid and purified transfected cells (tA431) based on GFP by flow cytometry. 4-Hydroxytamoxifen (4-OHT) was given to label Lgr5-positive cells with RFP, for comparison to GFP-positive Lgr5-negative cells. Lgr5-positive cells grew significantly faster than Lgr5-negative cells, and the fold increase in growth of Lgr5-positive vs Lgr5-negative cells is significantly higher than SP vs non-SP, or ALDH-high vs ALDH-low, or CD133-positive vs CD133-negative cells. Moreover, in Lgr5-negative population, Lgr5-positive re-appeared in culture with time, suggesting that Lgr5-positive cells can be regenerated from Lgr5-negative cells. Furthermore, the growth of tA431 cells significantly decreased upon a single dose of diphtheria toxin (DT)/4-OHT to eliminate Lgr5-positive cell lineage, while multiple doses of DT/4-OHT nearly completely inhibited tA431 cell growth. Taken together, our data provide compelling data to demonstrate that Lgr5-positive cells are CSCs in skin SCC. ", "27060554": "This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal).\n\nThe authors of the paper wish to retract the paper due to the discovery of a calculation error in the processing of the raw data.\n\nThe discovered error concerns the calculation of the specific uptake/secretion rates for several metabolites in one of the experimental conditions, i.e. glutamine omission (called Q0). In other words, in Figure 2, the variations of the metabolic fluxes for the condition Q0 are not correct. When this error is corrected, the resulting mathematical model changes (in particular for the results associated with Q0 conditions), several figures and tables are modified, and the interpretation of the fluxes in Q0 has to be slightly modified.\n\nTherefore the authors wish to retract the article. However, the error does not affect the modelling approach or the methodology presented in the article. Therefore, a revised version with the correct data has since been published: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0168165617302663.\n\nWe apologize to the scientific community for the need to retract the article and the inconvenience caused.", "17918285": "Melanoma of the head and neck and its treatment are complex issues. The behavior of head and neck melanoma is aggressive, and it has an overall poorer prognosis than that of other skin sites. Current understanding of the behavior of head and neck melanoma is reviewed and treatment strategies are presented. Controversies in treatment include the role of lymphoscintigraphy with sentinel node biopsy, nodal dissection, margin size, role of radiation therapy, and reconstruction. The therapeutic goal is to treat melanoma aggressively while minimizing the effects of treatment on patient's quality of life. Due to its biological behavior, head and neck melanoma should be treated in an aggressive manner when morbidity is not significantly increased. Patient's specific treatment is imperative.", "27421008": "Tumor suppressor genes are the key targets of hypermethylation in breast cancer and may therefore lead to malignancy by deregulation of cell growth and division. Our previous pilot study with pairs of malignant and normal breast tissues identified a correlation between RASSFIA gene methylation and breast cancer. To determine the relationship between RASSFIA methylation and breast cancer, we conducted a larger study. We took samples from 108 patients with breast cancer, 28 patients with benign breast tumors, and 33 subjects with normal breast tissues at the Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical University at Wuxi between July 2013 and September 2015. We used the samples to investigate methylation levels of the RASSF1A gene for associations with breast cancer. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and methylation-specific PCR were used to investigate the levels of RASSF1A mRNA expression and RASSF1A methylation, respectively. RASSFIA was not expressed in 22 of the 108 breast cancer tissue samples (20.37%), and there was no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05); however, RASSFIA expression was significantly lower than that in the normal breast tissue samples (P < 0.05). Moreover, the methylation rate of the RASSFIA gene promoter was significantly higher in the breast cancer tissues (64.81%) than in the normal breast tissues (18.18%) and benign breast tumors (17.86%) (P < 0.05). High methylation of the RASSF1A gene promoter was an important reason for its downregulation, and the gene played a critical regulated role in the incidence and development of breast cancer.", "24758610": "The purpose of this study was to assess the association between leisure-time physical activity (LPA) and the risk of metabolic syndrome (MS).", "9660756": "The hypoxia-inducible factor 1 complex (HIF-1) is involved in the transcriptional activation of several genes, like erythropoietin and vascular endothelial growth factor, that are responsive to the lack of oxygen. The HIF-1 complex is composed of two b-HLH proteins: HIF-1beta that is constitutively expressed, and HIF-1alpha, that is present only in hypoxic cells. The HIF-1alpha subunit is continuously synthesized and degraded by the ubiquitin-proteasome under oxic conditions. Hypoxia, transition metals, iron chelators, and several antioxidants stabilize the HIF-1alpha protein, allowing the formation of the transcriptionally active HIF-1 complex. The mechanisms of oxygen sensing and the pathways leading to HIF-1alpha stabilization are unclear. Because the involvement of a heme protein oxygen sensor has been postulated, we tested the heme sensor hypothesis by using a luciferase-expressing cell line (B-1), that is highly responsive to hypoxia. Exposure of B-1 cells to carbon monoxide and heme synthesis inhibitors failed to show any effect on the hypoxia responsiveness of these cells, suggesting that heme proteins are not involved in hypoxia sensing. Measurement of iron in recombinantly expressed HIF-1alpha protein revealed that this protein binds iron in vivo. Iron binding was localized to a 129-amino acid peptide between sequences 529 and 658 of the HIF-1alpha protein. Although the exact structure of the iron center has not been yet defined, a 2:1 metal/protein molar ratio suggests a di-iron center, probably similar to the one found in hemerythrin. This finding is compatible with a model where redox reaction may occur directly in the iron center of the HIF-1alpha subunit, affecting its survival in oxic conditions.", "15321434": "Women undergoing general anesthesia for dilatation and curettage have a high risk for postoperative nausea and vomiting. We therefore evaluated the efficacy and safety of ramosetron, a new compound having serotonin receptor antagonist activity, for preventing nausea and vomiting in termination of pregnancy. Eighty women scheduled for dilatation and curettage received, in a randomized, double-blind manner, an intravenous placebo or ramosetron at three different doses (0.15 mg, 0.3 mg, 0.6 mg) at the end of surgery (n = 20 per group). Emetic episodes and safety were assessed. The percentage of patients who were emesis-free (no nausea, no retching, no vomiting) during 0-24 h after anesthesia was 55% with ramosetron 0.15 mg (P = 0.5), 85% with ramosetron 0.3 mg (P = 0.02), and 90% with ramosetron 0.6 mg (P = 0.007), compared with 50% in the placebo group. No clinically serious adverse events due to the study drugs were observed in any group. Our results suggest that ramosetron 0.3 mg is an effective antiemetic for prophylaxis against emetic symptoms after dilatation and curettage. Increasing the dose to 0.6 mg provides no further benefit.", "25209179": "This study aimed to investigate the clinical values of serum alpha-fetoprotein-L3 (AFP-L3) and Golgi protein 73 (GP73) in the diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) with low alpha-fetoprotein (AFP). From January 2011 to December 2013, 50 low-AFP HCC patients confirmed by the color Doppler flow imaging (CDFI) and pathological examinations were collected. Forty-five patients with chronic liver diseases were also selected, including 29 liver cirrhosis patients, 15 chronic hepatitis B patients, and one severe hepatitis patient. Furthermore, 100 health volunteers with no evidence of benign or malignant liver diseases were included. The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method was applied to the GP73 quantitative assay. Serum AFP concentrations were determined using immunoassays utilizing enhanced chemiluminescence. Diagnostic accuracy of GP73 and AFP-L3 assays for low-AFP HCC was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. Statistical analyses were conducted with the GraphPad Prism 5.0 software. Low-AFP HCC patients (35/50) exhibited higher positive rates of AFP-L3 than non-HCC patients (5/45) and healthy controls (2/100) (both P\u2009<\u20090.05). There were also significant differences in the positive rate of GP73 of low-AFP HCC patients (40/50) compared to those of non-HCC patients (3/45) and healthy controls (1/100) (both P\u2009<\u20090.05). However, no obvious differences in the positive rates of AFP-L3 and GP73 were observed between non-HCC patients and healthy controls (both P\u2009>\u20090.05). ROC curves showed that the area under the curve (AUC) of AFP-L3 for the diagnosis of low-AFP HCC was 0.6994 (sensitivity [Sen]\u2009=\u200970.0\u00a0%, specificity [Spe]\u2009=\u200995.2\u00a0%, accuracy\u2009=\u200988.7\u00a0%), while the AUC of GP73 was 0.8411 (Sen\u2009=\u200980.0\u00a0%, Spe\u2009=\u200997.2\u00a0%, accuracy\u2009=\u200992.8\u00a0%). Compared with single detection, the combination of AFP-L3 and GP73 levels for the diagnosis of low-AFP HCC showed higher Sen (94.0\u00a0%), Spe (93.1\u00a0%), and better accuracy (93.3\u00a0%). Our findings provide empirical evidence that the combination of AFP-L3 and GP73 is a good diagnostic strategy for low-AFP HCC. ", "24684893": "A total of 13 serotype O and 5 serotype A FMD Ethiopian isolates and some isolates from other countries (six for serotype A and four for serotype O) were sequenced on the structural protein (P1) coding region. The deduced amino acid sequences were aligned and investigated in an attempt to determine the amino acid variation. Differences were observed at 115 (15.6%) and 119 (16.1%) amino acid positions for serotype O and serotype A, respectively. The variation in the derived amino acid sequences is the highest in VP1, while VP4 was highly conserved in both serotypes A and O. In all isolates, hypervariable regions were located at regions corresponding to the highly immunogenic sites, the G-H loop (133-158) and the C-terminus (194-213) of the VP1 gene. The RGD cell attachment site within the G-H loop of the gene was conserved in all isolates. The study revealed the presence of significant amino acid variation at VP2 and VP3 in addition to known VP1 coding region. Hence, determination of amino acid sequence of the whole P1 region provides more information on antigenic variability of FMD virus and could be used in vaccine strain selection in parallel with serological vaccine matching assays.", "25897331": "A wide variety of atypical antipsychotic drugs (risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, aripiprazole, ziprasidone and clozapine) are widely used in the management of neuropsychiatric symptoms, which are commonly seen in dementia, but results from randomised controlled trials (RCTs) on the efficacy and safety of these agents are conflicting. We aimed to quantify the efficacy and safety of atypical antipsychotic drugs on neuropsychiatric symptoms in dementia patients.", "9439634": "A non-selective cation channel is believed to play important roles in various tissues. A novel complementary DNA encoding non-selective cation channel was isolated from MIN6, a mouse insulin secreting beta-cell line. This channel (mNSC1) conducts predominantly monovalent cations in Xenopus oocytes and is selective for cations over anions (PK/PCl = 10). The current was completely blocked by lanthanum and niflumate. The mNSC1 of 423 amino acids contains a characteristic leucine repeat and unique membrane topology. The messenger RNA of this channel are abundant in the brain, heart, and lung. We may therefore conclude that studies with this channel will provide important information for understanding physiological functions of the excitable cells as well as non-excitable epithelia.", "23644569": "The development of personalized medicine-in which medical treatment is customized to an individual on the basis of genetic information-requires techniques that can sequence DNA quickly and cheaply. Single-molecule sequencing technologies, such as nanopores, can potentially be used to sequence long strands of DNA without labels or amplification, but a viable technique has yet to be established. Here, we show that single DNA molecules can be sequenced by monitoring the electrical conductance of a phi29 DNA polymerase as it incorporates unlabelled nucleotides into a template strand of DNA. The conductance of the polymerase is measured by attaching it to a protein transistor that consists of an antibody molecule (immunoglobulin G) bound to two gold nanoparticles, which are in turn connected to source and drain electrodes. The electrical conductance of the DNA polymerase exhibits well-separated plateaux that are ~3 pA in height. Each plateau corresponds to an individual base and is formed at a rate of ~22 nucleotides per second. Additional spikes appear on top of the plateaux and can be used to discriminate between the four different nucleotides. We also show that the sequencing platform works with a variety of DNA polymerases and can sequence difficult templates such as homopolymers.", "16779680": "Chemotherapeutic agent is characterized by its concentration in tumor cells with minimum side effects. Oleandrin, a polyphenolic cardiac glycoside is known to induce apoptosis in tumor cells. However, no report is available on its efficacy in primary cells. In this report we are providing the evidence that oleandrin induces apoptosis, not necrosis in tumor cells but not in primary cells like peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) and neutrophils. Oleandrin inhibited NF-kappaB activation in tumor cells but not in primary cells. It induced cell death in NF-kappaB-overexpressed tumor cells. Oleandrin induced Fas expression thereby inducing apoptosis in tumor cells but not in primary cells. Dominant negative FADD inhibited oleandrin-induced cell death in tumor cells. Overall, these results suggest that oleandrin mediates apoptosis in tumor cells by inducing Fas but not in primary cells indicating its potential anti-cancer property with no or slight side effect.", "19782726": "The transcription factor nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) is one member of a ubiquitously expressed family of Rel-related transcription factors that serve as critical regulators of many proinflammatory genes and immunomodulators. Nevertheless, the immunomodulatory potential of thymulin and its effect on NF-kappaB in vivo, and particularly in the central nervous system (CNS), is not well characterized. In this study, the role of endotoxin (ET/LPS) in regulating NF-kappaB was deciphered in various compartments of the CNS. Stereotaxic localization reverberated specific intracerebroventricular (ICV) injection of ET into the CNS, with or without pretreatment with ICV thymulin. Treatment with ET (1 microg for 45 min; ICV) upregulated the expression and nuclear localization of NF-kappaB(1) (p50), NF-kappaB(2) (p52), RelA (p65), RelB (p68) and c-Rel (p75) in the hippocampus (HC), an effect abrogated, in a dose-dependent manner, by ICV pretreatment (30 min) with thymulin. Thymulin modulated the phosphorylation of IkappaB-alpha in the HC by upregulating the cytosolic accumulation of IkappaB-alpha and downregulating its phosphorylation (pIkappaB-alpha). Further analysis of the DNA-binding activity revealed an upregulated activity in the HC relative to saline-constitutive expression of the RelA (p65) subunit, the specificity of which was determined by a mutant oligonucleotide of RelA and a cold, non-specific competitor. ET did not induce the DNA-binding activity of NF-kappaB in the diencephalon (DE) or substantia nigra (SN) at various time points, when compared with baseline levels of expression. Intraperitoneal (IP) injections of ET (25 microg for 15 min) in vivo upregulated the expression of NF-kappaB subunits in the liver and reduced the cytosolic accumulation of IkappaB-alpha by inducing pIkappaB-alpha. Furthermore, IP pretreatment with thymulin followed by ICV injection of ET attenuated and reduced the DNA-binding activity of NF-kappaB in the HC. These results indicate that ICV injection of ET regulates the nuclear translocation and activation of NF-kappaB subunits within specific compartments in the brain, an effect particularly localized to the hippocampus. Additionally, thymulin attenuated the ET-induced response, with particular involvement of the transduction pathway implicating IkappaB-alpha, the major cytosolic inhibitor of NF-kappaB. The in vivo molecular regulation of thymulin via the NF-kappaB pathway is critical to understanding the alleviating anti-inflammatory role of this nonapeptide and paving the way to unraveling pathways associated with neuroimmune interactions mediating proinflammatory signals in the CNS.", "11127214": "Significant decreases in bone mineral density (BMD) occur on the hemiplegic side in chronic stroke patients, which correlate with the degree of paralysis and hypovitaminosis D. In this double-blind, randomized, and prospective study of 98 patients with hemiplegia involving both an upper and lower extremity (55 males and 53 females; mean age, 71.4 +/- 0.6 years) after an acute stroke, 49 were given etidronate for 56 weeks and 49 received a placebo. The BMD was measured by computed X-ray densitometry (CXD) of the second metacarpal bone bilaterally. Forty age-matched control subjects were followed for 56 weeks. At baseline, both groups had 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] insufficiency, increased serum ionized calcium and pyridinoline cross-linked carboxy-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP), and low serum concentrations of parathyroid hormone (PTH) and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D [1,25(OH)2D], suggesting immobilization-induced hypercalcemia and inhibition of renal synthesis of 1,25(OH)2D. The BMD on the hemiplegic side decreased by 2.3% and 4.8% in the etidronate and placebo groups, respectively (p = 0.0003). After treatment, the serum 1,25(OH)2D concentration increased by 62.2% in the etidronate group and decreased by 12.4% in the placebo group. The etidronate group had significant decreases in the serum ionized calcium and ICTP and increases in PTH and bone Gla protein (BGP), whereas the placebo group had higher serum calcium and ICTP concentrations but stable PTH. These results suggest that etidronate can prevent decreases in the BMD in hemiplegic stroke patients because it decreases the serum calcium through inhibition of bone resorption and causes a subsequent increase in the serum 1,25(OH)2D concentration.", "2124237": "Potentially fatal physiologic and metabolic derangements can occur in response to bacterial infection in animals and man. Recently it has been shown that alterations in the levels of circulating cytokines such as IL-6 and TNF-alpha occur shortly after bacterial challenge. To understand better the role of IL-6 in inflammation, we investigated the effects of in vivo anti-mouse IL-6 antibody treatment in a mouse model of septic shock. Rat anti-mouse IL-6 neutralizing mAb was produced from splenocytes of an animal immunized with mouse rIL-6. This mAb, MP5-20F3, was a very potent and specific antagonist of mouse IL-6 in vitro bioactivity, demonstrated using the NFS60 myelomonocytic and KD83 plasmacytoma target cell lines, and also immunoprecipitated radiolabeled IL-6. Anti-IL-6 mAb pretreatment of mice subsequently challenged with lethal doses of i.p. Escherichia coli or i.v. TNF-alpha protected mice from death caused by these treatments. Pretreatment of E. coli-challenged mice with anti-IL-6 led to an increase in serum TNF bioactivity, in comparison to isotype control antibody, implicating IL-6 as a negative modulator of TNF in vivo. Anti-TNF-alpha treatment of mice challenged i.p. with live E. coli resulted in a 70% decrease in serum IL-6 levels, determined by immunoenzymetric assay, compared to control antibody, thereby supporting a role for TNF-alpha as a positive regulator of IL-6 levels. We conclude that IL-6 is a mediator in lethal E. coli infection, and suggest that antagonists of IL-6 may be beneficial therapeutically in life-threatening bacterial infection.", "16542160": "To determine whether Parkinson's disease (PD) can be distinguished from multiple system atrophy (MSA) on the basis of the assessment of iodine-123 meta-iodobenzylguanidine (123I-MIBG) radioactivity in heart and cardiovascular autonomic function.", "15518170": "Contribution of cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) to experimental autoimmune thyroiditis (EAT) was well defined (Speidel et al., Eur. J. Immunol. 1997, 27, 2391-2399, Ref. 7). The native porcine thyroglobulin (pTg) showed high sensitivity to endo-o-N-acetylglucosaminidase F (Endo F) and its molecular weights, corresponding to about 330 kDa as a monomer and 660 kDa as a dimer, were reduced to smaller molecular weight forms by Endo F and trifluoromethanesulfonic acid (TMSF). Deglycosylated porcine Tg (dgpTg) and native pTg were injected i.v. into CBA/J mice, without the aid of adjuvants. Both lymphocytic infiltrations of the thyroid glands and levels of Tg-specific CTL were similar to those found in conventional EAT induced by Tg and adjuvants. In contrast, proliferative responses in native pTg and dgpTg-injected mice could not be detected, and titers of antibodies to pTg and dgpTg were 20 times and 30 times lower than that of pTg and adjuvants, respectively. The EAT-inducer CTL belonged to the CD8+ cell subset and exerted their thyroiditogenic potential through release of IFN-gamma. It was concluded that dgpTg-induced EAT is mediated by type 1 cytotoxic T cells (Tcl). Also, results that EAT induction of the glycosylated pTg (gpTg) was much lower than that of dgpTg, suggested that the abberant and incomplete glycosylation of the thyroglobulin is responsible for the induction of autoimmune thyroiditis.", "20670944": "This study aimed to identify molecular determinants of sensitivity of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) to anti-insulin-like growth factor receptor (IGF-IR) therapy.", "19032554": "Whole-blood aggregometry (WBA) is a promising tool to assess platelet function in its physiological environment. Dilution of whole blood in WBA disregards platelet concentrations that may impact the results, especially in the case of low platelet counts. In a blinded, prospective in vitro study, the influence of platelet concentrations on WBA was assessed.", "22809083": "Renilla Luciferase reporter gene (rLuc) GL4.82 and GL4.13 promoter are key player in transfection, but precise knowledge of its targets in colon cancer remains limited. The aim of this study was to characterize the best transfection technique to produce a stable transfected colon DLD1 (colorectal adenocarcinoma cell line), therefore imaging based approaches were employed.", "16542207": "To evaluate the efficacy and safety of tramadol in patients with idiopathic detrusor overactivity (IDO).", "15870476": "Streptomyces aureofaciens CMUAc130 was isolated from the root tissue of Zingiber officinale Rosc. (Zingiberaceae). It was an antagonist of Colletotrichum musae and Fusarium oxysporum, the causative agents of anthracnose of banana and wilt of wheat, respectively. Evidence for the in vitro antibiosis of S. aureofaciens CMUAc130 was demonstrated by the zone of fungal-growth inhibition. Microscopic observations showed thickness and bulbous structures at the edges of the inhibited fungal hyphae. The culture filtrate and crude extract from this strain were all inhibitory to tested phytopathogenic fungi. The major active ingredients from the culture filtrate of S. aureofaciens CMUAc130 were purified by silica gel-column chromatography and identified to be (i) 5,7-dimethoxy-4-p-methoxylphenylcoumarin and (ii) 5,7-dimethoxy-4-phenylcoumarin by NMR and mass-spectral data, respectively. Bioassay studies showed that compounds (i) and (ii) had antifungal activities against tested fungi, and their MICs were found to be 120 and 150 microg ml(-1), respectively. This is the first report of compounds (i) and (ii) from micro-organisms as active ingredients for the control of phytopathogenic fungi.", "21203472": "During evolution, pathogens have developed a variety of strategies to suppress plant-triggered immunity and promote successful infection. In Gram-negative phytopathogenic bacteria, the so-called type III protein secretion system works as a molecular syringe to inject type III effectors (T3Es) into plant cells. The XopD T3E from the strain 85-10 of Xanthomonas campestris pathovar vesicatoria (Xcv) delays the onset of symptom development and alters basal defence responses to promote pathogen growth in infected tomato leaves. XopD was previously described as a modular protein that contains (i) an N-terminal DNA-binding domain (DBD), (ii) two tandemly repeated EAR (ERF-associated amphiphillic repression) motifs involved in transcriptional repression, and (iii) a C-terminal cysteine protease domain, involved in release of SUMO (small ubiquitin-like modifier) from SUMO-modified proteins. Here, we show that the XopD protein that is produced and secreted by Xcv presents an additional N-terminal extension of 215 amino acids. Closer analysis of this newly identified N-terminal domain shows a low complexity region rich in lysine, alanine and glutamic acid residues (KAE-rich) with high propensity to form coiled-coil structures that confers to XopD the ability to form dimers when expressed in E. coli. The full length XopD protein identified in this study (XopD(1-760)) displays stronger repression of the XopD plant target promoter PR1, as compared to the XopD version annotated in the public databases (XopD(216-760)). Furthermore, the N-terminal extension of XopD, which is absent in XopD(216-760), is essential for XopD type III-dependent secretion and, therefore, for complementation of an Xcv mutant strain deleted from XopD in its ability to delay symptom development in tomato susceptible cultivars. The identification of the complete sequence of XopD opens new perspectives for future studies on the XopD protein and its virulence-associated functions in planta.", "23030292": "Even today, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death globally. Cardiological conditions such as myocardial infarction, ischemic injury and chronic cardiomyopathy result in permanent cardiac tissue damage followed by heart failure. Current therapies primarily aim to trigger the pathological remodeling that occurs after cardiac injury and also to reduce risk factors involved in cardiovascular diseases. Animal model studies over the last decade indicate that the systematic administration of autologous and allogeneic stem cells possesses therapeutic potential to improve overall cardiac functions. This evidence robustly indicates that cardiac tissue has the potential to undergo a systematic repair process. The past few years have also witnessed a splurge in clinical research that particularly aims to explore the regenerative properties of the naive stem cells to restore cardiac functions. The mechanisms involved in stem cell therapy remain unclear. The magnitude of benefit demonstrated in animal models is yet to be completely translated into humans. The future of cardiac research will require tangible synchrony between clinicians and basic scientists to unravel the precise mechanism of stem cell therapy. It is also pivotal to define an ideal cell type and a suitable cell delivery technique that provide maximum benefit, while eliminating the grey areas in translational cardiology research. In this article, the authors review the properties and therapeutic potential of the stem cell plethora reported for cardiac repair and regeneration, recent stem cell therapies, mode of action, their delivery techniques, recent clinical developments and the future for these stem cell therapies in cardiology.", "15141412": "Vomiting, aspiration, and pneumonia are serious side effects in enteral feeding via percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (PEG), which often leads to hospitalization. To this day, it has not been proven whether pump-assisted (PA) or gravity-controlled application is the safer method for long-term feeding via PEG in bedridden patients.", "23947821": "Diabetes in humans induces chronic complications such as cardiovascular damage, cataracts and retinopathy, nephropathy and polyneuropathy. The most common animal model of human diabetes is streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes in the rat. The present study investigated the effects of Nigella sativa hydroalcholic extract on glucose concentrations in streptozotocin (STZ) diabetic rats.", "19696185": "In obesity, an increased macrophage infiltration in adipose tissue occurs, contributing to low-grade inflammation and insulin resistance. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mediates both chemotaxis and proliferation in monocytes and macrophages. However, the role of EGFR inhibitors in this subclinical inflammation has not yet been investigated. We investigated, herein, in vivo efficacy and associated molecular mechanisms by which PD153035, an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor, improved diabetes control and insulin action.", "24595002": "Overexpression of p185HER2 is an established poor prognostic factor in breast cancer, portending an aggressive course and potential for early metastasis. On the other hand, monoclonal antibody trastuzumab is widely used in the clinic to target this overexpressed oncogene. Unfortunately, ~30-40% of all patients overexpressing HER2 respond to trastuzumab, warranting further research regarding the structure and additional modulation of the receptor. In this study, we aimed to investigate the response to trastuzumab in terms of the potential roles of several oncogenic pathways (phosphatase and tensin homologue (PTEN) and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)) and a truncated receptor protein, p95HER2, retrospectively.", "8047164": "Potassium channels that are ATP-sensitive (KATP) couple membrane potential to the metabolic status of the cell. KATP channels are inhibited by intracellular ATP and are stimulated by intracellular nucleotide diphosphates. KATP channels are important regulators of secretory processes and muscle contraction, and are targets for therapeutic treatment of type II diabetes by the inhibitory sulphonylureas and for hypertension by activators such as pinacidil. In cardiac tissue, KATP channels are central regulators of post-ischaemic cardioprotection. Electrophysiological and pharmacological characteristics vary among KATP channels recorded from diverse tissues suggesting extensive molecular heterogeneity. A complementary DNA encoding a KATP channel was isolated from rat heart using the polymerase chain reaction. We report here that the expressed channels possess all of the essential features of native cardiac KATP channels, including sensitivity to intracellular nucleotides. In addition the cloned channels are activated by the potassium channel opener, pinacidil, but are not inhibited by the sulphonylurea, glibenclamide.", "25119293": "This paper presents the case study of the project EARS Ind developed in the Dominican Republic (DR) with the purpose of increasing access and affordability of hearing aid technology for the hearing impaired. This case study demonstrates how a program can fit hearing aids to patients with hearing impairments can be developed in low and middle income countries.", "24078924": "Two common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L.) mutants, sodPv 1 and sodPv 2, exhibiting foliar superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity of only 25% and 40% of their mother control (MC) cv. VL 63 were isolated in EMS-mutagenized (0.15%, 8 h) M2 progeny. Native-PAGE analysis revealed occurrence of Mn SOD, Fe SOD, Cu/Zn SOD I and Cu/Zn SOD II isozymes in MC, while Fe SOD, and Mn SOD were not formed in sodPv 1 and sodPv 2 leaves, respectively. In-gel activity of individual isozymes differed significantly among the parents. SOD deficiency is inherited as recessive mutations, controlled by two different nonallelic loci. Gene expressions using qRT PCR confirmed higher expressions of Cu/Zn SOD transcripts in both mutants and the absence of Fe SOD in sodPv 1 and Mn SOD in sodPv 2. In 50 \u03bcM arsenic, Cu/Zn SODs genes were further upregulated but other isoforms downregulated in the two mutants, maintaining SOD activity in its control level. In an F2 double mutants of sodPv 1 \u00d7 sodPv 2, no Fe SOD, and Mn SOD expressions were detectable, while both Cu/Zn SODs are down-regulated and arsenic-induced leaf necrosis appeared. In contrast to both mutants, ROS-imaging study revealed overaccumulation of both superoxides and H2O2 in leaves of double mutant.", "10357331": "Reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) of the knee is associated with a considerable degree of postoperative pain. Although immediate-release oral opioids are usually effective in relieving moderate to severe pain, they must be given every 4-6 h. A controlled-release (CR) formulation of oxycodone maintains therapeutic opioid concentrations for a more prolonged period, thus providing sustained pain relief. We designed this study to determine whether CR oxycodone is more effective and clinically acceptable than immediate-release oxycodone for managing pain after ambulatory ACL repair surgery. All patients received a standard general anesthetic and postoperative analgesic regimen with one of three oxycodone dosing regimens: oxycodone 10 mg every 4 h as needed, oxycodone 10 mg every 4 h, and CR oxycodone 20 mg every 12 h. Rescue analgesic consisted of oxycodone 5 mg every 6 h as needed. At 24, 36, 48, 60, and 72 h, there was a difference in pain scores among the groups (P < 0.0001); there was less pain in the CR oxycodone group. At most times, the fixed-dose group had lower pain scores than the as-needed group. The sedation scores were significantly different at 12 h (P < 0.02) and at 24, 36, 48, 60, and 72 h (P < 0.0001); the patients were more alert in the CR oxycodone group. The 72-h consumption of oxycodone was less in the CR oxycodone group (P < 0.0001). The patients had less sleep disturbance (P < 0.0001), were more satisfied (P < 0.0001), and experienced less vomiting (P < 0.02) in the CR oxycodone group compared with the other two groups. In conclusion, using CR oxycodone in the immediate 72 h after ambulatory ACL surgery provides more effective analgesia with less sedation, sleep disturbance, and postoperative vomiting compared with oxycodone prescribed on either a fixed dose or as-needed schedule.", "19352169": "Postoperative cognitive dysfunction (POCD) in elderly patients after noncardiac surgery is a common problem. The noble gas xenon has been demonstrated to exert substantial neuroprotective properties in animal studies. Therefore, this study was designed to assess POCD after xenon anesthesia in comparison to propofol in elderly patients undergoing major noncardiac surgery.", "16263789": "Antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (APS) is a complex autoimmune thrombotic disorder with defined clinical phenotypes. Although not all patients with elevated antiphospholipid antibody (aPLA) levels develop complications, the severity of these potential events mandates aggressive and extended lifelong anti-thrombotic therapy. One hundred twenty-nine patients (57 patients with APS and venous thromboembolism [VTE], 32 patients with VTE without aPLA, 32 patients with aPLA only, and 8 healthy patients) were enrolled. RNA from peripheral-blood collection was used for DNA microarray analysis. Patterns of gene expression that characterize APS as well as thrombosis in the presence of aPLA were identified by hierarchical clustering and binary regression methods. Gene-expression profiles identify and predict individuals with APS from patients with VTE without aPLA. Importantly, similar methods identified expression profiles that accurately predicted those patients with aPLA at high risk for thrombotic events. All profiles were validated in independent cohorts of patients. The ability to predict APS, but more importantly, those patients at risk for venous thrombosis, represents a paradigm for a genomic approach that can be applied to other populations of patients with venous thrombosis, providing for more effective clinical management of disease, while also reflecting the possible underlying biologic processes.", "25946735": "Aviation exposes pilots to various occupationally related hazards, including ionizing radiation and chemical combustion. The possible increased risk of prostate cancer among pilots in comparison to the general population is a subject of debate. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to determine the quality of supporting evidence and magnitude of this association.", "21341971": "The platelet storage lesion (PSL) is best defined as the sum of all deleterious changes leading to progressive damage in platelet structure and function that arise from the time blood is drawn from a donor to the time platelets are transfused to a recipient. Proteomics, the analysis of all proteins of a system at a defined state, has gained increasing interest in hematology as a diagnostic tool. The application of proteomics in transfusion medicine holds promise to revolutionize quality assessment and therapeutic monitoring. The potential of proteomics as a viable tool for the identification of the PSL has since increased dramatically with the development of mass spectrometry and has required the development of quantitative proteomic techniques such as differential gel electrophoresis, isotope-coded affinity tagging, and isotope tagging for relative and absolute quantitation. In principle, two main areas in the field of proteomics have been developed, each of them having its pros and cons. These fields are \"profiling\" and \"functional\" proteomics. With the recent implementation of pathogen reduction technologies (PRT) a new dimension of challenges has appeared on the horizon. The treatment of platelet concentrates with either UV-A and a photo sensitizer or UV-C revealed acceleration of PSL development. In conclusion, proteomics thus provides an excellent tool to decode complex processes by identifying novel platelet-expressed proteins and analysing functional changes of the platelet proteome. These recent results suggest that protein kinases might represent one important group of proteins involved in the development of PSL and provide a potential target for inhibition in order to reduce development of PSL. Bacterial risk receives and deserves a lot of attention when it comes to extension of platelet storage; however, determining the quality of platelets during storage needs to be treated with equal importance. As a platelet's life span is 7-10 days, extension of the platelet's shelf life by 2-3 days would improve platelet inventory and efforts of donor recruitment tremendously, as well as to the overall cost of provision of this blood product to patients.", "12446324": "It has been reasoned that desirable microstructural refinement in binary eutectics could result from freezing in reduced-gravity. It is recognized that the interphase spacing in a binary eutectic is controlled by solute transport and that, on Earth, buoyancy-driven convection may enhance this. Hence, it has been presumed that the interphase spacing ought to decrease when a eutectic alloy is frozen under conditions of much-reduced gravity, where such buoyancy effects would be largely absent. The result of such speculation has been that many workers have frozen various eutectics under reduced gravity and have reported that, although some eutectics became finer, others showed no change, and some even became coarser. This reported varied behavior will be reviewed in the light of long term studies by the author at Queen's University, including recent microgravity studies in which samples of two eutectic alloy systems, MnBi-Bi and MnSb-Sb, were frozen under very stable conditions and showed no change in interphase spacing.", "22621398": "Neuroinflammation, caused by six days of intracerebroventricular infusion of bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS), stimulates rat brain arachidonic acid (AA) metabolism. The molecular changes associated with increased AA metabolism are not clear. We examined effects of a six-day infusion of a low-dose (0.5 ng/h) and a high-dose (250 ng/h) of LPS on neuroinflammatory, AA cascade, and pre- and post-synaptic markers in rat brain. We used artificial cerebrospinal fluid-infused brains as controls.", "21162628": "The stems of Allium victorialis L. var. platyphyllum were extracted and the major essential oil composition and immunotoxicity effects were studied. The analyses were conducted by gas chromatography and mass spectroscopy (GC-MS), which revealed the essential oils of A. victorialis L. var. platyphyllum stems. The A. victorialis L. var. platyphyllum essential oil yield was 1.45%, and GC/MS analysis revealed that its major constituents were allyl methyl disulfide (24.36%), dimethyl trisulfide (11.78%), allyl cis-1-propenyl disulfide (9.17%), allyl methyl trisulfide (4.13%), and dipropyl trisulfide (7.22%). The essential oil had a significant toxic effect against early fourth-stage larvae of Aedes aegypti L. with an LC(50) value of 24.12\u2009ppm and an LC(90) value of 34.67\u2009ppm. Also, allyl methyl disulfide (\u226595.0%), dimethyl trisulfide (\u226595.0%), allyl cis-1-propenyl disulfide (\u226595.0%), allyl methyl trisulfide (\u226595.0%), and dipropyl trisulfide (\u226595.0%) were tested against the F(21) laboratory strain of A. aegypti. Allyl cis-1-propenyl disulfide (\u226595.0%) has good activity with an LC(50) value of 15.35\u2009ppm. Also, the above data indicate that other major compounds may play a more important role in the toxicity of essential oils.", "12757644": "To establish a cell model by chronically infecting human gastric epithelial cells with H.pylori, and to determine the effect of chronic H.pylori infection on apoptosis of gastric epithelial cells.", "2681489": "Previous data indicated that progressive growth of the C57BL/6J sarcoma, MCA/76-9, was associated with a systemic increase in the level of IL-1 activity in peritoneal and tumor-associated macrophages. In this paper, the hypothesis was tested that macrophage IL-1 alpha and beta gene expression was regulated by the specific macrophage growth factor, CSF-1, produced by tumor cells. The data indicated that all of the nine C57BL/6J, BALB/cJ, and C3H/HeJ sarcomas tested transcribed the CSF-1 gene. The tumor cell culture supernates induced proliferation of bone marrow cells that differentiated into macrophages. Moreover, proliferative activity of conditioned medium and the ability to induce macrophage differentiation were abrograted by neutralization with the 5A1, rat-anti-mouse monoclonal anti-CSF-1 antibody. Conditioned medium from tumor cell cultures, as well as recombinant CSF-1 and L cell-conditioned medium, induced transcription of the IL-1 alpha and beta genes, the latter being more strongly expressed. IL-1 gene transcription was not induced after neutralization of the culture supernates by the monoclonal antibody, 5A1. The overall data would support the hypothesis that the pathway in vivo leading to the increased IL-1 expression by macrophages is regulated by at least one tumor cell product, CSF-1.", "17230513": "The molecular chaperone Hsp90 is involved in the stabilization and conformational maturation of many signaling proteins that are deregulated in cancers. The geldanamycin derivative 17-AAG is currently tested in clinical trials and known to inhibit the function of Hsp90 and promote the proteasomal degradation of its misfolded client proteins. ATL is a fatal malignancy of T lymphocytes caused by HTLV-I infection and remains incurable. Since Hsp90 is overexpressed in HTLV-I-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells, we analyzed the effects of 17-AAG on cell survival, apoptosis and expression of signal transduction proteins. HTLV-I-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells were significantly more sensitive to 17-AAG in cell survival assays than normal PBMCs. 17-AAG induced the inhibition of cell cycle and apoptosis. These effects could be mediated by inactivation of NF-kappaB, AP-1 and PI3K/Akt pathways, as well as reduction of expression of proteins involved in the G1-S cell cycle transition and apoptosis. Proteasome inhibition interfered with 17-AAG-mediated signaling proteins depletion. Collectively, our results indicate that 17-AAG suppresses ATL cell survival through, at least in part, destabilization of several client proteins and suggest that 17-AAG is a potentially useful chemotherapeutic agent for ATL.", "11741883": "The underlying redox-sensitive mechanisms that regulate hepatocyte expression of inducible nitric-oxide synthase (iNOS) and its antioxidant functions are largely unknown. We have demonstrated previously that oxidative stress induced by benzenetriol-mediated superoxide production increases interleukin-1beta-induced iNOS protein synthesis, steady state iNOS mRNA expression, NO production, iNOS gene transcription, and trans-activation of the iNOS promoter in primary cultures of rat hepatocytes. In this study, we extend these studies by establishing the sequence specificity and binding of nuclear protein to the previously described 15-base cis-regulatory element of the rat hepatocyte iNOS promoter, isolating and identifying the cis-regulatory element transcription factor as hepatocyte nuclear factor-4alpha (HNF-4alpha), and confirming the functional role of HNF-4alpha in mediating redox-sensitive iNOS promoter trans-activation. In addition, we demonstrate that binding of HNF-4alpha to the transcriptional coactivator, PC4, in the presence of oxidative stress and interleukin-1beta stimulation is essential for increased iNOS promoter activity in this setting. Our results indicate that HNF-4alpha is the transcription factor that mediates redox regulation of hepatocyte iNOS gene transcription.", "8825534": "This randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study was to evaluate the effects of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting in 110 patients with (n = 50) and without (n = 60) a history of motion sickness undergoing general anaesthesia for major gynaecological surgery.", "16157375": "Activation of the activator protein 1 (AP-1) plays a critical role in oncogenesis by human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1), the etiologic agent of adult T-cell leukemia (ATL), and is required for maintenance of the malignant phenotype. Curcumin (diferuloylmethane), the major pigment of the spice turmeric, has anti-tumor activity; however, the effect of curcumin against ATL has not been elucidated. In this study, we examined the effects of curcumin on AP-1 activity in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines. Curcumin suppressed the constitutive AP-1 DNA-binding and transcriptional activity in HTLV-1-infected T-cell line. Curcumin also inhibited HTLV-1 Tax-induced AP-1 transcriptional activity. JunD was detectable as a major component of the AP-1-DNA complex in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines using the supershift assay. The expression of JunD was suppressed by curcumin treatment. Curcumin inhibited the growth of HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines by inducing cell cycle arrest followed by apoptosis. Our results suggest that suppression of the constitutively active AP-1 by curcumin is due to, at least in-part, reducing the expression of JunD by curcumin. Inhibition of AP-1 activity by curcumin may be one of the mechanisms responsible for the anti-ATL effect of curcumin. We propose that curcumin is a potentially promising compound for the treatment of ATL.", "19237581": "One third of all breast cancers are estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) negative, carry a poor overall prognosis, and do not respond well to currently available endocrine therapies. New treatment strategies are therefore required. Loss of Wnt-5a has previously been correlated with loss of ERalpha in clinical breast cancer samples, and we sought to investigate this association further. Three breast cancer cell lines (MDA-MB-231, MDA-MB-468, and 4T1) lacking expression of ERalpha and Wnt-5a, and one breast cancer cell line (T47D) expressing both proteins were used in this study. Wnt-5a signaling was generated in ERalpha-negative cell lines via stimulation with either recombinant Wnt-5a protein or a Wnt-5a-derived hexapeptide (Foxy-5) possessing Wnt-5a signaling properties. ERalpha expression was restored at both mRNA and protein level, after treatment with recombinant Wnt-5a or Foxy-5. This restoration of expression occurred in parallel with a reduction in methylation of the ERalpha promoter. Up-regulated ERalpha could be activated, initiate transcription of progesterone receptor and pS2, and activate an estrogen response element reporter construct. Significantly, breast cancer cells re-expressing ERalpha responded to treatment with the selective estrogen receptor modulator tamoxifen, as measured by induction of apoptosis and cell growth inhibition. Finally, Foxy-5 also increased ERalpha expression in an in vivo model of ERalpha-negative breast cancer. This represents the first evidence that Wnt-5a signaling acts to re-establish ERalpha expression in ERalpha-negative breast cancer cells. Our data suggest that combinatorial therapy with Foxy-5 and tamoxifen should be considered as a future treatment possibility for ERalpha-negative breast cancer patients.", "25889486": "Several studies have indicated an association between tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-\u03b1) or interleukin (IL)-6 gene polymorphisms and lung cancer risk. However, the conclusions remain controversial.", "16026327": "Nucleoside diphosphate kinase (NDPK, NM23/awd) belongs to a multifunctional family of highly conserved proteins (approximately 16-20 kDa) containing two well-characterized isoforms (NM23-H1 and -H2; also known as NDPK A and B). NDPK catalyses the conversion of nucleoside diphosphates into nucleoside triphosphates, regulates a diverse array of cellular events and can act as a protein histidine kinase. AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase) is a heterotrimeric protein complex that responds to cellular energy status by switching off ATP-consuming pathways and switching on ATP-generating pathways when ATP is limiting. AMPK was first discovered as an activity that inhibited preparations of ACC1 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase), a regulator of cellular fatty acid synthesis. We report that NM23-H1/NDPK A and AMPK alpha1 are associated in cytosol from two different tissue sources: rat liver and a human lung cell line (Calu-3). Co-immunoprecipitation and binding assay data from both cell types show that the H1/A (but not H2/B) isoform of NDPK is associated with AMPK complexes containing the alpha1 (but not alpha2) catalytic subunit. Manipulation of NM23-H1/NDPK A nucleotide transphosphorylation activity to generate ATP (but not GTP) enhances the activity of AMPK towards its specific peptide substrate in vitro and also regulates the phosphorylation of ACC1, an in vivo target for AMPK. Thus novel NM23-H1/NDPK A-dependent regulation of AMPK alpha1-mediated phosphorylation is present in mammalian cells.", "18524889": "Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor erlotinib shows potent antitumor activity in some non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines and is approved by the Food and Drug Administration as second and third line treatment for NSCLC. However, the molecular mechanisms by which erlotinib induces apoptosis remain to be elucidated. Here, we investigated the effect of erlotinib on apoptotic signal pathways in H3255 cells with the EGFR(L858R) mutation. Erlotinib induces apoptosis associated with the activation of caspases in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Erlotinib did not alter the expression of apoptotic receptors FAS and tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL), although it induced caspase-8 activation and BID cleavage. In addition, cell death caused by erlotinib was not prevented by coincubation with FAS and TRAIL antagonists, ZB-4 monoclonal antibody and TRAIL/Fc recombinant, suggesting that erlotinib-induced apoptosis is not associated with receptor-mediated pathways. Erlotinib induces loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and release of cytochrome c and second mitochondria-derived activator of caspases/direct IAP binding protein with low pI from mitochondria. Furthermore, erlotinib causes BAX translocation to mitochondria, BAX and BAK conformational changes, and oligomerization. Erlotinib did not induce reactive oxygen species generation, and cotreatment with antioxidants did not alter erlotinib-induced activation of BAX and BAK and apoptosis. However, cotreatment with inhibitors of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation significantly blocked erlotinib-induced activation of BAX and BAK and cell death. Benzyloxycarbiny-VAD-fluoromethyl ketone had no effect on erlotinib-induced BAX and BAK activation but effectively prevented apoptosis. Overexpression of BCL-2 caused a significant attenuation of erlotinib-induced cell death, but no effect on BAX and BAK activation. Down-regulation of BAX and BAK gene expression with small interfering RNA led to an effective reduction of erlotinib-induced apoptosis. Our data indicate that activation of BAX and BAK plays a critical role in the initiation of erlotinib-induced apoptotic cascades.", "6171369": "The intestinal absorption of ovalbumin and beta-lactoglobulin was measured in Hooded Lister rats which had previously been made allergic to ovalbumin, and in unimmunized controls. The antigens were introduced both together and separately into closed intestinal loops. Absorption of free ovalbumin, but not beta-lactoglobulin, was reduced in rats with anti-ovalbumin antibody, demonstrating antigen-specific immune exclusion despite the presence of reaginic antibody. In contrast, the absorption of beta-lactoglobulin was enhanced by the presence of ovalbumin in rats with IgE anti-ovalbumin, but not in unimmunized controls. These results suggest that macromolecular absorption may be increased in an antigen non-specific way in food allergy.", "11102966": "We examined the expression and roles of neuroprotective metallothionein-I+II (MT-I+II) in the rat CNS in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE), an animal model for the human autoimmune disease, multiple sclerosis (MS). EAE caused significant macrophage activation, T-lymphocyte infiltration, and astrogliosis in spinal cord, brain stem, and cerebellum, which peaked 14-18 days after immunization. The remission of symptoms and histopathological changes began at days 19-21 and were completed by days 30-40. MT-I+II expression was increased significantly in EAE infiltrates. In order to study the effects of increased MT levels, we administered Zn-MT-II intraperitoneally (i.p.) to rats during EAE. Clinically, Zn-MT-II treatment reduced the severity of EAE symptoms and mortality in a time- and dose-dependent manner. Histopathologically, Zn-MT-II increased reactive astrogliosis and decreased macrophages and T lymphocytes significantly in the CNS. In spleen sections, the number of macrophages both in control and EAE-sensitized rats was reduced by Zn-MT-II, while the number of lymphocytes remained unaltered by Zn-MT-II. Therefore, we suggest that MT-II has peripheral mechanisms of action on macrophages, while T lymphocytes are affected locally in the CNS. During EAE, oxidative stress was decreased by Zn-MT-II, which could contribute to the diminished clinical scores observed. None of the effects caused by Zn-MT-II could be attributable to the zinc content. These results suggest MT-I+II as potentially useful factors for the treatment of EAE/MS.", "22096631": "There is a long history of research into body fluid biomarkers in neurodegenerative and neuroinflammatory diseases. However, only a few biomarkers in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) are being used in clinical practice. Anti-aquaporin-4 antibodies in serum are currently useful for the diagnosis of neuromyelitis optica (NMO), but we could expect novel CSF biomarkers that help define prognosis and response to treatment for this disease. One of the most critical factors in biomarker research is the inadequate powering of studies performed by single centers. Collaboration between investigators is needed to establish large biobanks of well-defined samples. A key issue in collaboration is to establish standardized protocols for biobanking to ensure that the statistical power gained by increasing the numbers of CSF samples is not compromised by pre-analytical factors. Here, consensus guidelines for CSF collection and biobanking are presented, based on the guidelines that have been published by the BioMS-eu network for CSF biomarker research. We focussed on CSF collection procedures, pre-analytical factors and high quality clinical and paraclinical information. Importantly, the biobanking protocols are applicable for CSF biobanks for research targeting any neurological disease.", "26782479": "Dysregulation of microRNAs (miRs) is associated with cancer development and progression and aberrant expression of miR-874 have been found in some types of cancer. However, the expression and function of miR-874 in osteosarcoma remain unclear. The aim of this study was to explore the effects of miR-874 in osteosarcoma tumorigenesis and development. The expression level of miR-874 was quantified by real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) in human osteosarcoma cell lines and tissues. Using a miR-874 mimic, cell proliferation and migration assays were performed in an osteosarcoma cell line and tumorigenicity was observed in vivo in order to determine the effects of miR-874 in osteosarcoma cell lines and tissues. MiR-874 was significantly downregulated in osteosarcoma cell lines and clinical specimens. Decreased miR-874 expression was significantly associated with large tumor size, distant metastasis, and advanced clinical stage, and was an independent predictor of poor survival. Overexpression of miR-874 inhibited cell proliferation, invasion and migration in vitro, promoted cell apoptosis in vitro, and suppressed tumorigenicity in vivo. These findings indicate that miR-874 may act as a tumor suppressor in osteosarcoma and could serve as a novel therapeutic agent for miR-based therapy. ", "22833948": "Leishmaniasis is an endemic disease having a wide spectrum ranging from visceral, cutaneous and mucocutaneous forms caused by unicellular, obligate intracellular parasites of the monocyte-macrophage system. The aim of the present study was to develop an effective, nontoxic and biodegradable polymeric drug-delivery system encapsulating curcumin in its hydrophobic core for the treatment of visceral leishmaniasis.", "9497388": "Caveolin is a 22-kDa protein that appears to play a critical role in regulating the cholesterol concentration of caveolae. Even though caveolin is thought to be a membrane protein, several reports suggest that this peculiar protein can traffic independently of membrane vesicles. We now present evidence that a cytosolic pool of caveolin is part of a heat-shock protein-immunophilin chaperone complex consisting of caveolin, heat-shock protein 56, cyclophilin 40, cyclophilin A, and cholesterol. Treatment of NIH 3T3 cells with 1 microM cyclosporin A or 100 nM rapamycin disrupted the putative transport complex and prevented rapid (10-20 min) transport of cholesterol to caveolae. The lymphoid cell line, L1210-JF, does not express caveolin, does not form an immunophilin-caveolin complex, and does not transport newly synthesized cholesterol to caveolae. Transfection of caveolin cDNA into L1210-JF cells allowed the assembly of a transport complex identical to that found in NIH 3T3 cells. In addition, newly synthesized cholesterol in transfected cells was rapidly (10-20 min) and specifically transported to caveolae. These data strongly suggest that a caveolin-chaperone complex is a mechanism by which newly synthesized cholesterol is transported from the endoplasmic reticulum through the cytoplasm to caveolae.", "14977841": "Bladder cancer is a common disease of the genitourinary tract for which the development of a noninvasive detection technique would have a significant impact on disease management. One of our previously identified bladder cancer-specific proteins, BLCA-4, appears to be associated with a \"field effect\" of the disease, and in clinical trials is able to separate individuals with bladder cancer from those without the disease with high sensitivity and specificity. The potential clinical utility of this marker has led to the analysis of its function in bladder cancer pathobiology.", "24824633": "To compare the effects of vildagliptin with those of glimepiride on glycaemic control, fat tolerance and inflammatory markers in people with Type 2 diabetes mellitus receiving metformin treatment.", "25119547": "Thermostable lipases are potential enzymes for biocatalytic application. In this study, the lipase production of Geobacillus sp. CF03 (WT) was improved by genome shuffling. After two rounds of genome shuffling, one fusant strain (FB1) achieved increase lipase activity from the populations generated by ultraviolet irradiation and ethyl methylsulfonate (EMS) mutagenesis. The growth rate and lipase production of FB1 increased highest by 150 and 238\u00a0%, respectively, in comparison to the wild type. The fusant enzyme had a significant change in substrate specificity but still prefers the long-chain length substrates. It had an optimum activity at 60\u00a0\u00b0C, pH at 7.0-8.0, with p-nitrophenyl palmitate (C16) as a substrate and retained about 50\u00a0% of their activity after 15\u00a0min at 70\u00a0\u00b0C, pH 8.0. Furthermore, the fusant lipase showed the preference of sesame oil, waste palm oil, and canola oil. Therefore, the genome shuffling strategy has been successful to strain improvement and selecting strain with multiple desirable characteristics. ", "18000709": "A small dose of propofol is directly antiemetic, and is effective for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC). However, this regimen cannot entirely control PONV after LC.", "21367625": "We evaluated the effects of acarbose on insulin resistance parameters in diabetic patients before and after a standardized oral fat load (OFL).", "23440204": "Somatic hypermutation and clonal selection lead to B cells expressing high-affinity antibodies. Here we show that somatic mutations not only play a critical role in antigen binding, they also affect the thermodynamic stability of the antibody molecule. Somatic mutations directly involved in antigen recognition by antibody 93F3, which binds a relatively small hapten, reduce the melting temperature compared with its germ-line precursor by up to 9 \u00b0C. The destabilizing effects of these mutations are compensated by additional somatic mutations located on surface loops distal to the antigen binding site. Similarly, somatic mutations enhance both the affinity and thermodynamic stability of antibody OKT3, which binds the large protein antigen CD3. Analysis of the crystal structures of 93F3 and OKT3 indicates that these somatic mutations modulate antibody stability primarily through the interface of the heavy and light chain variable domains. The historical view of antibody maturation has been that somatic hypermutation and subsequent clonal selection increase antigen-antibody specificity and binding energy. Our results suggest that this process also optimizes protein stability, and that many peripheral mutations that were considered to be neutral are required to offset deleterious effects of mutations that increase affinity. Thus, the immunological evolution of antibodies recapitulates on a much shorter timescale the natural evolution of enzymes in which function and thermodynamic stability are simultaneously enhanced through mutation and selection.", "2460496": "In many clinical laboratories, bacteria seen in Gram-stained sputum smears are reported semiquantitatively, using a three- or four-category scale consisting of ratings such as numerous, moderate, rare, and none seen. The consistency with which these categories are assigned was evaluated by repeatedly presenting coded smears to seven experienced microbiology technologists. Technologists rated the same smear twice, pairs of smears prepared from the same specimen, and smears prepared after specimen refrigeration. Agreement was assessed with the weighted kappa test. Semiquantitation of gram-negative rods, gram-positive diplococci, and gram-positive cocci in clusters all showed poor reproducibility (kappa = 0.32, 0.34, and 0.17, respectively). Twenty-four percent of paired ratings differed by two or more categories. Lack of reproducibility was due mainly to the inability of the technologists to render a consistent rating when viewing the same slide on separate occasions (P less than 0.001). Variation in the rating styles of different technologists, differences between smears prepared from the same specimen, and specimen refrigeration tended to further decrease the consistency of ratings, but the reductions were not statistically significant. The quantity of potentially pathogenic bacteria in sputum smears is not estimated consistently with standard microscopy procedures and should not be reported.", "19450708": "The successful delivery of nucleic acids to particular target sites is the challenge that is being addressed using a variety of viral and nonviral delivery systems, both of which have distinct advantages and disadvantages. Nonviral vectors offer the advantage of safety and flexibility over viral vectors, although they lack efficiency. Dendrimers are novel, three-dimensional polymers that have the ability to interact with various forms of nucleic acids such as plasmid DNA, antisense oligonucleotides, and RNA to form complexes that protect the nucleic acid from degradation. The interaction between the dendrimers and the nucleic acids is purely electrostatic where the cationic dendrimer condenses the anionic nucleic acids. Because cell membranes are negatively charged, the net positive charge of the dendrimer nucleic acid complex determines the transfection efficiency, although highly cationic systems are also cytotoxic. The nature of the dendrimer nucleic acid complex depends on various factors like stoichiometry, concentration of dendrimer-amines and nucleic acid-phosphates, as well as bulk solvent properties like pH, salt concentration, buffer strength, and dynamics of mixing. This article aims to review the role of dendrimers as novel gene delivery vectors both in vitro and in vivo. Dendrimer-based transfection reagents have become routine tools for in vitro transfection, but in vivo delivery of therapeutic nucleic acids remains a challenge.", "24357718": "Fructose and ethanol are metabolized principally in the liver and are both known to contribute to the development of hepatic steatosis that can progress to hepatic steatohepatitis. The present study indentifies a synergistic interaction between fructose and ethanol in promoting hepatocyte sensitivity to TNF\u03b1-induced necroptosis. Concurrent exposure to fructose and ethanol induces the overexpression of the CDGSH iron-sulfur domain-containing protein 1 (CISD1 or mitoneet), which is localized to the outer mitochondrial membrane. The increased expression of mitoneet primes the hepatocyte for TNF\u03b1-induced cytotoxicity. Treatment with TNF\u03b1 induces the translocation of a Stat3-Grim-19 complex to the mitochondria, which binds to mitoneet and promotes the rapid release of its 2Fe-2S cluster, causing an accumulation of mitochondrial iron. The dramatic increase of mitochondrial iron provokes a surge in formation of reactive oxygen species, resulting in mitochondrial injury and cell death. Additionally, mitoneet is constitutively expressed at high levels in L929 fibrosarcoma cells and is required for L929 cells to undergo TNF\u03b1-induced necroptosis in the presence of caspase inhibition, indicating the importance of mitoneet to the necroptotic form of cell death.", "16943966": "Pacing prevention algorithms have been introduced in order to maximize the benefits of atrial pacing in atrial fibrillation prevention. It has been demonstrated that algorithms actually keep overdrive atrial pacing, reduce atrial premature contractions, and prevent short-long atrial cycle phenomenon, with good patient tolerance. However, clinical studies showed inconsistent benefits on clinical endpoints such as atrial fibrillation burden. Factors which may be responsible for neutral results include an already high atrial pacing percentage in conventional DDDR, non-optimal atrial pacing site and deleterious effects of high percentages of apical ventricular pacing. Atrial antitachycardia pacing (ATP) therapies are effective in treating spontaneous atrial tachyarrhythmias, mainly when delivered early after arrhythmia onset and/or on slower tachycardias. Effective ATP therapies may reduce atrial fibrillation burden, but conflicting evidence does exist as regards this issue, probably because current clinical studies may be underpowered to detect such an efficacy. Wide application of atrial ATP may reduce the need for hospitalizations and electrical cardioversions and favorably impact on quality of life. Consistent monitoring of atrial and ventricular rhythm as well as that of ATP effectiveness may be extremely useful for optimizing device programming and pharmacological therapy.", "21531487": "There are a number of adult learning theories that have been used to inform IPE delivery (e.g. Kolb's theory of experiential learning), and one of the most important to emerge in recent times has been the contact theory or contact hypothesis, which looks at the outcomes when two differing groups of health care professionals are brought together. The team responsible for the development of an acute care IPE programme called Student Management of Acute illness Recognition and Treatment (SMART(TM)) set out to incorporate the most up to date educational theory into the programme. Following an extensive review of the literature, it was decided to adopt a blended theoretical approach, involving a combination of 'contact theory' and 'scaffolding', supported by interprofessional facilitation. It was clear that there were a number of enabling factors that could be incorporated into any IPE programme. These were the educational setting, group characteristics (group size, balance and stability), quality of IPE facilitation and opportunities for informal learning. Although the contact theory provides us with a better understanding of interprofessional groups, an understanding of how the organised contact of different professional groups of students helps to reduce intergroup prejudice and improve intergroup relations is still required.", "22144828": "The biological mechanism(s) that guide the immunological effectors of lymphocytes to sites of inflammatory response, a feature consistently seen in oral submucous fibrosis (OSF) was evaluated. It is envisaged that endothelial/lymphocyte adhesion cascades involving VCAM-1/\u03b14\u03b21 integrins control the migration of lymphocytes across the vascular endothelium resulting in their homing in these locales.", "20532074": "Thyroplasty is an operation on the upper airway to improve voice quality in patients with unilateral vocal cord paralysis. It is a difficult anaesthetic procedure that requires sharing the airway with the surgeon. We describe a good anaesthetic technique, which provides a safe airway with excellent operating conditions, using continuous cervical epidural anaesthesia and postoperative analgesia in three patients. The use of a regional anaesthetic technique provides excellent anaesthesia and analgesia while allowing the patient to phonate at the request of the surgeon intraoperatively.", "17222507": "4-amino methyl pyridine anchored silica gel (4-AMPS) was used as a sorbent in a simple sensitive spectrophotometry determination of Co(II) in various samples using piperazine dithiocarbamate as a color developing agent (lambda(max)=390 nm) at pH 5.0+/-0.2. Beer's law was obeyed over the range of 0.1-5.0 microg ml(-1). The molar absorptivity and Sandell's sensitivity were 1.257x10(5) lmol(-1) cm(-1) and 0.006145 microg cm(-2), respectively. Under these conditions, the preconcentration factor obtained was 80, and the detection limit achieved was 5.0 ng ml(-1). The detailed study of various interfering ions made the method more sensitive and selective. The recovery of Co(II) from various samples range from 97.50 to 99.66%. The present method was successfully applied for the determination of Co(II) in various water and soil samples. The proposed method was compared with reported methods in terms of Student's 't'-test and variance ratio 'f'-test which indicates that there is no significant difference between proposed and literature method at 95% confidence level.", "8096625": "The implantation of cells genetically modified to express tyrosine hydroxylase has been proposed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. Tyrosine hydroxylase converts tyrosine to L-DOPA and endogenous decarboxylase activity then converts L-DOPA to the neurotransmitter dopamine, which alleviates the symptoms of Parkinson's disease. Immortalized cells have been successfully used as intracerebral vehicles for transgene expression of tyrosine hydroxylase, but the tumorigenic potential of these cells prevents their application in humans. Intracerebral expression of this enzyme has also been achieved using primary cells like skin fibroblasts, but the ameliorating effect on a rat model for Parkinson's disease lasted for only a few weeks. We have found that co-transplantation of cultured myoblasts and myotubes enabled reporter genes to be expressed intracerebrally at high and stable levels. Here we show that the intracerebral transplantation of plasmid-transfected primary muscle cells can substantially reduce for the long-term the asymmetric rotational behaviour in the rat model.", "22817658": "Nanobiotechnology is the application of nanotechnology in biological fields. Nanotechnology is a multidisciplinary field that currently recruits approach, technology and facility available in conventional as well as advanced avenues of engineering, physics, chemistry and biology.", "22514562": "Stress urinary incontinence is still a \"battlefield\" for many minimally invasive therapies, but, unfortunately, few can restore the anatomical and functional background of this disorder.", "22473610": "Toxoplasma gondii infection in pregnant women may result in abortion or in fetal teratogenesis; however, the underlying mechanisms are still unclear. In this paper, based on a murine model, we showed that maternal infection with RH strain T. gondii tachyzoites induced elevated production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), local oxidative stress, and subsequent apoptosis of placental trophoblasts. PCR array analysis of 84 oxidative stress-related genes demonstrated that 27 genes were upregulated at least 2-fold and that 9 genes were downregulated at least 2-fold in the T. gondii infection group compared with levels in the control group. The expression of NADPH oxidase 1 (Nox1) and glutathione peroxidase 6 (Gpx6) increased significantly, about 25-fold. The levels of malondialdehyde (MDA) and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) increased significantly with T. gondii infection, and levels of glutathione (GSH) decreased rapidly. T. gondii infection increased the early expression of endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) markers, followed by cleavage of caspase-12, activation of ASK1/JNK, and increased apoptosis of trophoblasts, both in vivo and in vitro. The apoptosis of trophoblasts, the activation of caspase-12 and the ASK1/JNK pathway, and the production of peroxides were dramatically inhibited by pretreatment with N-acetylcysteine (NAC). The upregulation of Nox1 was contact dependent and preceded the increase in levels of ERS markers and the activation of the proapoptosis cascade. Thus, we concluded that apoptosis in placental trophoblasts was initiated predominantly by ROS-mediated ERS via activation of caspase-12, CHOP, and the JNK pathway in acute T. gondii infection. Elevated ROS production is the central event in T. gondii-induced apoptosis of placental trophoblasts.", "18680715": "Mammalian iron homeostasis is regulated by the interaction of the liver-produced peptide hepcidin and its receptor, the iron transporter ferroportin. Hepcidin binds to ferroportin resulting in degradation of ferroportin and decreased cellular iron export. We identify the hepcidin-binding domain (HBD) on ferroportin and show that a synthetic 19 amino acid peptide corresponding to the HBD recapitulates the characteristics and specificity of hepcidin binding to cell-surface ferroportin. The binding of mammalian hepcidin to ferroportin or the HBD shows an unusual temperature dependency with an increased rate of dissociation at temperatures below 15 degrees C. The increased rate of dissociation is due to temperature- dependent changes in hepcidin structure. In contrast, hepcidin from poikilothermic vertebrates, such as fish or frogs, binds the HBD in a temperature-independent fashion. The affinity of hepcidin for the HBD permits a rapid, sensitive assay of hepcidin from all species and yields insights into the evolution of hepcidin.", "19229590": "The purpose of our study was to determine the statistical significance of thresholds of relative cerebral blood volume (rCBV), apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) and ADC ratios in grading cerebral gliomas.", "18402204": "Several studies have shown that physical domains of QOL deteriorate early after lung cancer surgery but improve to baseline by 6 months after surgery. Impaired cardiopulmonary function following pulmonary resection is an important predictor of immediate postoperative morbidity; meanwhile, an objective assessment of pulmonary function did not significantly contribute to QOL in LTLC survivors. Chronic pain is the most common complication after lung cancer surgery. Lung cancer survivors do not experience the same length of life and QOL as their age-matched peers or other cancer survivors. Lung cancer patients are less well than survivors of other cancers because of the nature of the cancer and the smoking history. There is clearly a need to identify and intervene with subgroups of patients who are at an elevated risk of premature death and diminished QOL.", "12438431": "B7-DC molecules are known to function as ligands on antigen-presenting cells (APCs), enhancing T cell activation. In this study, cross-linking B7-DC with the monoclonal antibody sHIgM12 directly potentiates dendritic cell (DC) function by enhancing DC presentation of major histocompatibility complex-peptide complexes, promoting DC survival; and increasing secretion of interleukin (IL)-12p70, a key T helper cell type 1 promoting cytokine. Furthermore, ex vivo treatment of DCs or systemic treatment of mice with sHIgM12 increases the number of transplanted DCs that reach draining lymph nodes and increases the ability of lymph node APCs to activate naive T cells. Systemic administration of the antibody has an equivalent effect on DCs transferred at a distant site. These findings implicate B7-DC expressed on DCs in bidirectional communication. In addition to the established costimulatory and inhibitory functions associated with B7-DC, this molecule can also function as a conduit for extracellular signals to DCs modifying DC functions.", "24259496": "Polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) sponges are widely used for clinical applications, including ophthalmic surgical treatments, wound healing and tissue engineering. There is, however, a lack of sufficient data on the mechanical properties of PVA sponges. In this study, a biomechanical method is used to characterize the elastic modulus, maximum stress and strain as well as the swelling ratio of a fabricated PVA sponge (P-sponge) and it is compared with two commercially available PVA sponges (CENEFOM and EYETEC). The results indicate that the elastic modulus of the P-sponge is 5.32% and 13.45% lower than that of the CENEFOM and EYETEC sponges, while it bears 4.11% more and 10.37% less stress compared to the CENEFOM and EYETEC sponges, respectively. The P-sponge shows a maximum strain of 32% more than the EYETEC sponge as well as a 26.78% higher swelling ratio, which is a significantly higher absorbency compared to the CENEFOM. It is believed that the results of this study would help for a better understanding of the extension, rupture and swelling mechanism of PVA sponges, which could lead to crucial improvement in the design and application of PVA-based materials in ophthalmic and plastic surgeries as well as wound healing and tissue engineering. ", "24079275": "Here, we report the synthesis, characterization, and properties of Fe/Fe3O4 core-shell nanocubes prepared via a simple route. It includes NaBH4 reduction of FeCl3 in an ethylene glycol solution in the presence of 2-mercaptopropionic acid (surfactant) and trisodium citrate (cosurfactant) followed by surface oxidation with trimethylamine N-oxide. The morphology and structure of Fe/Fe3O4 core-shell nanocubes were characterized using transmission electron microscopy (TEM), high-resolution TEM, selected area electron diffraction, X-ray powder diffraction, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy. All of the methods confirm a Fe/Fe3O4 core-shell structure of nanocubes. Magnetic measurements revealed that the Fe/Fe3O4 core/shell nanocubes are superparamagnetic at 300 K with a saturation magnetization of 129 emu/g. The T2 weighted imaging and the T2 relaxation time showed high MRI contrast and sensitivity, making these nanocubes viable candidates as enhanced MRI contrast agents. ", "7957427": "Adenosine is an endogenous nucleoside acting on coronary perfusion and myocardial conduction. Although the anti-arrhythmic effects of adenosine have been known for decades, interest in the use of adenosine or adenosine triphosphate (ATP- a precursor of adenosine) in termination of supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) has been renewed. We studied the use of Striadyne (ATP and a mixture of other nucleosides including adenosine) in 22 infants younger than 6 months in order to evaluate efficacy and safety of the drug in this particular age group. Striadyne stopped SVT in 17 cases and was diagnostic in another 4 cases. Ten out of 17 successfully converted infants showed one or more reinitiations of SVT, which were easily controlled. The results support the efficacy of ATP for the termination of re-entry types of tachycardia, as well as its diagnostic value and its lack of serious side-effects.", "23497656": "According to the WHO report released in 2000, about 121 million people worldwide suffer from depression. The present study aimed to explore factors influencing depression in mothers from Rey, South of Tehran, Iran; who had elementary school children.", "25504721": "Can a single conversation change minds on divisive social issues, such as same-sex marriage? A randomized placebo-controlled trial assessed whether gay (n = 22) or straight (n = 19) messengers were effective at encouraging voters (n = 972) to support same-sex marriage and whether attitude change persisted and spread to others in voters' social networks. The results, measured by an unrelated panel survey, show that both gay and straight canvassers produced large effects initially, but only gay canvassers' effects persisted in 3-week, 6-week, and 9-month follow-ups. We also find strong evidence of within-household transmission of opinion change, but only in the wake of conversations with gay canvassers. Contact with gay canvassers further caused substantial change in the ratings of gay men and lesbians more generally. These large, persistent, and contagious effects were confirmed by a follow-up experiment. Contact with minorities coupled with discussion of issues pertinent to them is capable of producing a cascade of opinion change.", "17722322": "The transdermal contraceptive patch is an innovative contraceptive technology. The failure rate is quite low and has high continuation rate. The side effects and complications are not different from other hormonal contraceptives. This contraceptive method should be an alternative birth control technique for women.", "9260009": "Motion sickness is one of the patient-related factors associated with postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV). This study was undertaken to assess the efficacy of granisetron, droperidol and metoclopramide for preventing PONV in female patients with a history of motion sickness undergoing major gynaecological surgery.", "21752810": "Finite element modelling is well entrenched in comparative vertebrate biomechanics as a tool to assess the mechanical design of skeletal structures and to better comprehend the complex interaction of their form-function relationships. But what makes a reliable subject-specific finite element model? To approach this question, we here present a set of convergence and sensitivity analyses and a validation study as an example, for finite element analysis (FEA) in general, of ways to ensure a reliable model. We detail how choices of element size, type and material properties in FEA influence the results of simulations. We also present an empirical model for estimating heterogeneous material properties throughout an elephant femur (but of broad applicability to FEA). We then use an ex vivo experimental validation test of a cadaveric femur to check our FEA results and find that the heterogeneous model matches the experimental results extremely well, and far better than the homogeneous model. We emphasize how considering heterogeneous material properties in FEA may be critical, so this should become standard practice in comparative FEA studies along with convergence analyses, consideration of element size, type and experimental validation. These steps may be required to obtain accurate models and derive reliable conclusions from them.", "19139573": "A rapid, sensitive and specific high-performance thin-layer chromatographic (HPTLC) method was developed and validated for determination of minocycline in human plasma, saliva, and gingival fluid samples. Densitometric analysis of minocycline was carried out at 345 nm after single step extraction with methanol. The method uses TLC aluminium plates pre-coated with silica gel 60F-254 as a stationary phase and methanol-acetonitrile-isopropyl alcohol-water (5:4:0.5:0.5, v/v/v/v) as mobile phase. In all the three matrices, the calibration curve was linear (r(2) >/= 0.9958) in the tested range of 100 - 1200 ng spot(-1) with a limit of quantification of 15.4 ng spot(-1). Drug recovery from plasma, saliva and gingival fluid averaged 97.7%. Intra- and inter-day accuracies, determined at three different concentrations, were 95.08 to 100.6% and the corresponding precision (% CV) values were < 4.61%. In all the three matrices, rapid degradation of drug occurred and the half-life of drug ranged from 9.9 to 16.1 h at 4 degrees C and from 6.3 to 11.5 h at 20 degrees C. Frozen at -20 degrees C, this drug was stable for at least 2 months and can tolerate two freeze-thaw cycles without losses higher than 10%. The method's ability to quantify minocycline with precision, accuracy and sensitivity makes it useful in pharmacokinetic studies.", "22588407": "Improvements in pain management techniques over the past decade have had a significant impact on the outcomes of total knee arthroplasty. Of these techniques, multimodal approaches have shown potential. The purpose of this study was to compare the results of periarticular injection (PAI) to a combination of patient-controlled epidural analgesia and femoral nerve block (PCEA/FNB). Ninety patients undergoing primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty between June 2010 and March 2011 were randomized into 2 groups. The first group received the PCEA/FNB protocol, whereas the second group received the PAI. Mean patient age was 66.1 \u00b1 8.7 years. All patients were operated on using a similar standard medial parapatellar approach, and all received preemptive analgesia and postoperative pain protocols. All patients were interviewed twice daily for the first 3 days postoperatively, once on day 7, and once in month 6. The 2 groups had similar readiness for discharge (PCEA/FNB group, 3.3 \u00b1 1.2 days; PAI group, 3.2 \u00b1 1.9 days). The results indicated no statistical difference between the 2 groups in 3 of 4 categories (rest in the morning, rest in the evening, and ambulation in the morning). Pain on ambulation was the only category that was statistically lower in the PCEA/FNB group than in the PAI group.Although the study demonstrates similar results between the 2 groups, PAI can play a major role in postoperative pain control in institutions that may not have appropriately trained individuals, equipment, and resources for PCEA/FNB. It also reduces many of the side effects and complications associated with regional anesthesia.", "6999032": "Quinine- or quinidine-induced thrombocytopenic purpura is caused by synthesis of an immunoglobulin (Ig)G antibody, which caused platelet damage in the presence of the offending drug. The nature of the antigenic stimulus has been examined by measuring incorporation of [3H]thymidine into DNA during lymphocyte transformation to blast cells in the presence of the drug. Although patients' lymphocytes responded normally to the nonspecific mitogen, phytohemagglutinin P, they did not respond to either drug or platelets alone. However, significant transformation occurred when patients' lymphocytes were cultured for 7 d with homologous or autologous platelets in the presence of therapeutic concentrations of the drugs (0.39-39 microM). Platelet membranes were more active than intact platelets on the basis of protein content, whereas platelets from a patient with Bernard-Soulier syndrome were inactive. Washed platelets pretreated with the drugs were inactive when cultured with lymphocytes in the absence of the drugs, whereas platelets pretreated similarly in plasma caused transformation. Control lymphocytes from 20 normal patients and 6 patients with nondrug-induced thrombocytopenia were not transformed by drugs and platelets in the presence of normal serum or serum containing drug-dependent antibody, showing that the observed response was specific for presensitized lymphocytes. Thus lymphocytes of patients with drug-induced thrombocytopenia are transformed by an antigen that forms after interaction of plasma, specific platelet membrane components and the drug.", "26949460": "This was a retrospective study.", "25324543": "The annotated whole-genome sequence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis revealed that Rv1388 (Mtihf) is likely to encode for a putative 20-kDa integration host factor (mIHF). However, very little is known about the functional properties of mIHF or the organization of the mycobacterial nucleoid. Molecular modeling of the mIHF three-dimensional structure, based on the cocrystal structure of Streptomyces coelicolor IHF duplex DNA, a bona fide relative of mIHF, revealed the presence of Arg-170, Arg-171, and Arg-173, which might be involved in DNA binding, and a conserved proline (Pro-150) in the tight turn. The phenotypic sensitivity of Escherichia coli \u0394ihfA and \u0394ihfB strains to UV and methyl methanesulfonate could be complemented with the wild-type Mtihf but not its alleles bearing mutations in the DNA-binding residues. Protein-DNA interaction assays revealed that wild-type mIHF, but not its DNA-binding variants, binds with high affinity to fragments containing attB and attP sites and curved DNA. Strikingly, the functionally important amino acid residues of mIHF and the mechanism(s) underlying its binding to DNA, DNA bending, and site-specific recombination are fundamentally different from that of E. coli IHF\u03b1\u03b2. Furthermore, we reveal novel insights into IHF-mediated DNA compaction depending on the placement of its preferred binding sites; mIHF promotes DNA compaction into nucleoid-like or higher order filamentous structures. We therefore propose that mIHF is a distinct member of a subfamily of proteins that serve as essential cofactors in site-specific recombination and nucleoid organization and that these findings represent a significant advance in our understanding of the role(s) of nucleoid-associated proteins. ", "11226115": "We studied the effects of colforsin daropate, a water-soluble forskoline derivative, on contractility in fatigued canine diaphragm. Dogs were randomly divided into 4 groups of 8 each. In each group, diaphragmatic fatigue was induced by intermittent supramaximal bilateral electrophrenic stimulation at a frequency of 20 Hz applied for 30 min. Immediately after the end of a fatigue-producing period, Group 1 received no study drug, Group 2 was infused with small-dose colforsin daropate (0.2 microg. kg(-1). min(-1)), Group 3 was infused with large-dose colforsin daropate (0.5 microg. kg(-1). min(-1)), and Group 4 was infused with nicardipne (5 microg. kg(-1). min(-1)) during colforsin daropate (0.5 microg. kg(-1). min(-1)) administration. After the fatigue-producing period, in each group transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi) at low-frequency (20-Hz) stimulation decreased from baseline values (P < 0.05), whereas there was no change in Pdi at high-frequency (100-Hz) stimulation. In Groups 2 and 3, during colforsin daropate administration, Pdi to each stimulus increased from fatigued values (P < 0.05). The increase in Pdi was larger in Group 3 than in Group 2 (P < 0.05). In Group 4, the augmentation of Pdi by colforsin daropate was abolished in fatigued diaphragm with an infusion of nicardipine. The integrated diaphragmatic electric activity did not change in any of the groups. We conclude that colforsin daropate improves, in a dose-dependent manner, contractility in fatigued canine diaphragm via its effect on transmembrane calcium movement.", "9587723": "This study evaluates the prophylactic anti-emetic efficacy of granisetron, droperidol and metoclopramide, for the prevention of post-operative nausea and vomiting in female patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The patients were randomly assigned to one of four groups (n = 30 for each group): granisetron 3 mg, droperidol 1.25 mg, metoclopramide 10 mg and placebo (saline). These medications were given immediately before the induction of anaesthesia. During the first 24 h after anaesthesia, the incidence of post-operative nausea and vomiting was 13, 30, 33 and 37% after administration of granisetron, droperidol, metoclopramide and placebo, respectively (P < 0.05, overall Fisher's exact probability test). No clinically important adverse effects were observed in either group. Our results suggest that granisetron is a better anti-emetic than droperidol or metoclopramide for the prevention of post-operative nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy when compared with a placebo.", "9161742": "The incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) is influenced by menstruation. This study was undertaken to assess the efficacy of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for preventing PONV in patients during two different phases of menstrual cycle.", "14871577": "Cyanide is a well-established poison known for its rapid lethal action and toxicity. The central nervous system is one of the main target sites for cyanide toxicity. Cyanide also alters the brain biogenic amine levels. In the present study the role of calcium ions in cyanide toxicity was evaluated using the calcium channel blocker diltaizem (DIL) in Wistar strain albino rats. This study showed that DIL pretreatment prevented cyanide induced changes in the dopaminergic and serotonergic system in the corpus striatum.", "23800858": "Azithromycin, an important member of the azalide subclass is effective against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative organisms. Certain physicochemical properties of the drug like poor water solubility and relatively low bioavailability of 37% due to incomplete absorption after ingestion, aroused the need for the development of a novel drug delivery system to enhance the solubilization potential and antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus at a very low concentration. Cinnamon oil (Cinnamonum zeylanicum)-based microemulsion system formulated using non-ionic surfactant, Tween 20, and water was characterized. The drug-incorporated system F4 (oil to surfactant ratio of 1:4 (v/v)) showed enhanced solubilization of the drug, droplet diameter of 5-8 nm, and a good thermodynamic stability. The effect of surfactant concentration exhibited a negative correlation with droplet size diameter and turbidity and a positive correlation with stability and viscosity. The system was investigated for its antibacterial activity that demonstrated a significantly higher activity at a minimum concentration (4 \u03bcg/ml) of the novel drug-loaded system in comparison with the conventional formulation (128 \u03bcg/ml). Examination through scanning electron microscopy analysis further confirmed a considerable morphologic variation due to alteration in the membrane permeability of the microemulsion-treated system. The small droplet size of the microemulsion system and the antibacterial property of cinnamon oil, together, accounts clearly for the enhanced efficacy of the new formulated system F4 and not just azithromycin alone. Staining with acridine orange/ethidium bromide dyes as examined through fluorescence microscopy also substantiated with the results of membrane permeability of bacteria. Thus, our study discloses a potential oral drug delivery system of azithromycin with improved biocompatibility.", "9032197": "Psychological factors can play a role in asthma symptoms and may play a role in how individuals manage asthma. Because poor self-management of asthma has been linked to poor outcomes, it is important to understand perceived control of asthma--the individual's perceived ability to deal with asthma and its exacerbations effectively. This study used data from an ongoing panel study of adults with asthma (n = 601). The 11-item Perceived Control of Asthma Questionnaire (PCAQ) demonstrated internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha = 0.74) and excellent construct validity, correlating strongly with asthma severity, quality of life, and Medical Outcomes Study Short Form (SF-36) measures of health status (p < 0.05). After controlling for demographics and asthma severity, each 6-point decrement in PCAQ score was significantly associated with increased risk of hospitalization (OR = 1.4 [95% CI: 1.1 to 1.8]), frequent activity restriction (OR = 1.5 [1.2 to 1.8]), and, among those with labor force participation (n = 551), asthma-related cessation of employment (OR = 1.7 [1.1 to 2.4]). The PCAQ is a short, easy to administer, reliable, and valid measure of perceived control of asthma. It is strongly associated with adverse asthma outcomes even taking into account demographic characteristics and asthma severity, suggesting that patient-centered interventions focusing on perceived control might improve asthma outcomes.", "22387888": "Infection and inflammation suppress the expression and activity of several drug transporters in the liver. In the intestine, P-glycoprotein (PGP/mdr1) and the multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 (MRP2) are important barriers to the absorption of many clinically important drugs. The protein expression and activity of these transporters were examined during inflammation induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS). The transport of rhodamine123 (Rho123) and 5-carboxyfluorescein (5-CF) was determined in isolated ileal segments from endotoxin-treated or control rats in the presence or absence of inhibitors. The reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was used to measure mRNA levels. Compared with the controls, the mRNA levels of mdr1a and mrp2 were significantly decreased by approximately 50% in the ilea of the LPS-treated rats. Corresponding reductions in the basolateral-apical efflux of Rho123 and 5-CF were observed, resulting in significant increases in the apical-basolateral absorption of these compounds. Neither the permeability of fluorescein isothiocyanate labeled dextran 4000 (FD-4), a paracellular marker, nor membrane resistance was altered. These results indicate that endotoxin-induced inflammation reduces the intestinal expression and activity of PGP and MRP2 in rats, which eliciting corresponding changes in the intestinal transport of their substrates. Hence, infection and inflammatory diseases may induce variability in drug bioavailability through alterations in the intestinal expression and activity of drug transporters.", "17706021": "In recent years, a growing number of biological agents such as cytokines, monoclonal antibodies and fusion proteins have become available for the treatment of various autoimmune, neoplastic, cardiovascular, infectious, allergic, and other conditions. Their introduction has resulted in marked clinical improvements for many patients. Nevertheless, a variety of adverse side effects have been observed with these agents. Based on the special features of biological agents a new classification of these side effects of biological agents is proposed--related but clearly distinct from the classification of side effects observed with chemicals and drugs. This classification differentiates five distinct types, namely clinical reactions due to high cytokine levels (type alpha), hypersensitivity due to an immune reaction against the biological agents (type beta), immune or cytokine imbalance syndromes (type gamma), symptoms due to cross-reactivity (type delta), and symptoms not directly affecting the immune system (type epsilon). This classification could help to better deal with the clinical features of these side effects, to identify possible individual and general risk factors and to direct research in this novel area of medicine.", "15084597": "Kinase Suppressor of Ras1 (KSR1) functions as a positive modulator of Ras-dependent signaling either upstream of or parallel to Raf-1, and pharmacologic inactivation of KSR1 may serve as a treatment for Rasdriven malignancies such as pancreatic cancer (Xing, H. R., Cordon-Cardo, C., Deng, X., Tong, W., Campodonico, L., Fuks, Z., and Kolesnick, R. (2003) Nat. Med. 9, 1266-1268). Although some studies demonstrated a requirement for KSR1 kinase activity for its action, others suggested KSR1 acts primarily as a scaffold facilitating assembly of the c-Raf-1/MEK module. We recently established a two-stage in vitro reconstitution assay to measure KSR1 kinase activity (Xing, H. R., Lozano, J., and Kolesnick, R. (2000) J. Biol. Chem. 275, 17276-17280). In this assay, KSR1, immunopurified to apparent homogeneity, never comes in contact with recombinant kinases other than c-Raf-1. In the first assay stage, activated KSR1 is incubated with recombinant c-Raf-1 and ATP. In the second stage, activated c-Raf-1 is separated from KSR1, and incubated with unactivated MEK1, unactivated MAPK, Elk-1, and ATP. Elk-1 phosphorylation serves as a specific readout for MAPK activation. However, because KSR1 constitutively associates with MEK1 and this interaction appears critical for KSR1 scaffolding function, it has been argued that the kinase activity detected is an artifact of KSR1-bound MEK1. To address these concerns, we depleted as much as 90% of KSR1-bound MEK1 by high salt washing without altering KSR1 kinase activity. Further, a complete inactivation of KSR1-bound MEK1 by pretreating with the MEK inhibitor PD 98059 prior to the first assay stage did not alter KSR1 kinase activity. In addition, the omission of exogenous recombinant GST-MEK1 from the reaction mixture during the second assay stage abolished Elk-1 phosphorylation confirming KSR1-bound MEK1 does not support MAPK activation in our in vitro assay. Moreover, a kinase-inactive mutant, FLAG-Ki-KSR1(D683A/D700A), which efficiently interacts with endogenous MEK1, lacks kinase activity. These results collectively support our contention that the kinase activity of KSR1 is an intrinsic property of this protein independent of KSR1-bound endogenous MEK.", "24587321": "Baicalein, one of the major flavonids in Scutellaria baicalensis, has historically been used in anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer therapies. However, the anti-metastatic effect and related mechanism(s) in glioma are still unclear. In this study, we thus utilized glioma cell lines U87MG and U251MG to explore the effect of baicalein. We found that administration of baicalein significantly inhibited migration and invasion of glioma cells. In addition, after treating with baicalein for 24 h, there was a decrease in the levels of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) and MMP-9 expression as well as proteinase activity in glioma cells. Conversely, the expression of tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) and TIMP-2 was increased in a dose-dependent manner. Moreover, baicalein treatment significantly decreased the phosphorylated level of p38, but not ERK1/2, JNK1/2 and PI3K/Akt. Combined treatment with a p38 inhibitor (SB203580) and baicalein resulted in the synergistic reduction of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression and then increase of TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 expression; and the invasive capabilities of U87MG cells were also inhibited. However, p38 chemical activator (anisomycin) could block these effects produced by baicalein, suggesting baicalein directly downregulate the p38 signaling pathway. In conclusion, baicalein inhibits glioma cells invasion and metastasis by reducing cell motility and migration via suppression of p38 signaling pathway, suggesting that baicalein is a potential therapeutic agent for glioma.", "24456256": "Workplaces need to foster teaching and learning interactions so staff collaborate and learn from each other. Internationally, many countries provide support to graduates and experienced staff to foster engagement necessary for learning and quality care. Workplace attributes can differ across countries depending on managerial, contextual, social and policy issues.", "23178309": "The aim of the present study was to evaluate the hepatoprotective activity of lantadene A against acetaminophen-induced liver toxicity in mice was studied. Activity was measured by monitoring the levels of aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and bilirubin, along with histo-pathological analysis. Silymarin was used as positive control. A bimodal pattern of behavioural toxicity was exhibited by the lantadene A-treated group at the beginning of the treatment. However, treatment with lantadene A and silymarin resulted in an increase in the liver weight compared with the acetaminophen treated group. The results of the acetaminophen-induced liver toxicity experiments showed that mice treated with lantadene A (500 mg/kg) showed a significant decrease in the activity of ALT, AST and ALP and the level of bilirubin, which were all elevated in the acetaminophen treated group (p < 0.05). Histological studies supported the biochemical findings and a maximum improvement in the histoarchitecture was seen. The lantadene A-treated group showed remarkable protective effects against histopathological alterations, with comparable results to the silymarin treated group. The current study confirmed the hepatoprotective effects of lantadene A against the model hepatotoxicant acetaminophen, which is likely related to its potent antioxidative activity.", "15723591": "Gene expression profiling promises to provide an insight into normal biologic and pathologic processes with the hope of predicting disease outcome or indicating individualized courses of therapy. The entire process for gene expression profiling from clinical samples consists of sample collection, transport and storage of clinical sample, isolation of nucleic acids, enzymatic modification of nucleic acids, detection and data analysis. All steps exert an influence on the quality, accuracy and reliability of the final result. A standardization of the entire process from sample collection to nucleic acid analysis is therefore required in order to achieve reliable gene expression results. After providing a general overview of technologies for gene expression profiling and respective caveats, this review will focus on clinical applications of blood sample profiling.", "21376079": "The World Health Organization currently recommends combinatorial treatment including artemisinins as first-line therapy against drug-resistant Plasmodium falciparum malaria. Although highly efficacious, artemisinin and its derivatives, including \u03b2-arteether (\u03b2AE), are associated with ototoxicity, tremors, and other autonomic and motor impairments in the clinic. Similar neurological symptoms, as well as brainstem lesions, have been observed in adult laboratory species (mice, rats, dogs, and non human primates) following acute treatment with \u03b2AE; however, few long-term, nonclinical studies have been conducted. Furthermore, the majority of deaths attributed to malarial infection occur in children under age five, yet no laboratory studies have been initiated in neonatal or juvenile animals. In the current study, neonatal 7-day-old rats were administered intramuscular doses of 1-90mg/kg \u03b2AE in sesame oil for up to eight treatment cycles (one cycle=7days treatment+7days without treatment). Neonates were tested for changes in sensorimotor function, and the same animals were tested as adults in the Functional Observational Battery, for motor activity, and in the 8-arm radial maze. Pups receiving a single cycle of 60 or 90mg/kg died within a week of treatment but had few behavioral changes and no brainstem pathology. In the long-term study, behavioral and motor changes and brainstem lesions were observed in a dose- and time-related manner. Rats given repeated cycles of 1 or 5mg/kg \u03b2AE showed subtle motor abnormalities (e.g., slight loss of righting reflex) while repeated cycles of 10mg/kg \u03b2AE treatment resulted in obvious motor and behavioral changes. Rats receiving 1mg/kg \u03b2AE had no brainstem lesions whereas some rats treated with 5mg/kg \u03b2AE and all rats treated with 10mg/kg \u03b2AE had brainstem lesions. Brainstem lesions were observed after as few as five cycles and were characterized by gliosis, satellitosis and progressive necrosis in motor neurons of the trapezoid, vestibular, and olivary nuclei. This study shows that repeated treatment with clinically relevant doses of \u03b2AE causes motor deficits associated with brainstem damage in rodents and suggests that repeated treatment with \u03b2AE in children may elicit neurological damage.", "23587930": "An aerobic strain, Rhodococcus sp. strain FK48, capable of growing on 4-nitroaniline (4-NA) as the sole source of carbon, nitrogen, and energy has been isolated from enrichment cultures originating from contaminated soil samples. During growth studies with non- induced cells of FK48 catalyzed sequential denitrification (release of NO\u2082 substituent) and deamination (release of NH\u2082 substituent) of 4-NA. However, none of the degradation intermediates could be identified with growth studies. During resting cell studies, 4-NA-induced cells of strain FK48 transformed 4-NA via a previously unknown pathway which involved oxidative hydroxylation leading to formation of 4-aminophenol (4-AP). Subsequent degradation involved oxidated deamination of 4-AP and formation of 1,2,4-benzenetriol (BT) as the major identified terminal aromatic intermediate. Identification of these intermediates was ascertained by HPLC, and GC-MS analyses of the culture supernatants. 4-NA-induced cells of strain FK48 showed positive activity for 1,2,4-benzenetriol dioxygenase in spectrophotometric assay. This is the first conclusive study on aerobic microbial degradation of 4-NA and elucidation of corresponding metabolic pathway.", "12100113": "In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial, we compared the efficacy of dolasetron, dexamethasone, and metoclopramide in a preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting in women undergoing breast surgery. Patients were allocated randomly to one of four groups (20 patients each): group A received 12.5 mg dolasetron, group B received 8 mg dexamethasone, group C received 20 mg metoclopramide, and group D received placebo intravenously. If patients complained of retching or vomiting or if patients demanded an antiemetic, 1.25 mg droperidol was administered intravenously. To quantify postoperative nausea and vomiting, the following score was used: 0 = no nausea, 1 = nausea, 2 = retching, 3 = single vomiting, 4 = multiple vomiting. Dolasetron and dexamethasone reduced the postoperative nausea and vomiting score significantly (p < 0.02 versus metoclopramide; p < 0.0001 versus placebo). Metoclopramide also reduced the postoperative nausea and vomiting score (p < 0.02 versus placebo). Fisher's exact test showed a significant reduction of vomiting in the dolasetron and dexamethasone groups compared with metoclopramide-treated patients (p < 0.007) and placebo-treated patients (p < 0.000006) and a significantly lower rate of nausea in comparison to the placebo group (p < 0.009). There were no significant differences between the metoclopramide and the placebo groups (using Fisher's exact test). The use of postoperative droperidol was significantly lower in both the dolasetron group (p < 0.04 versus metoclopramide; p < 0.0001 versus placebo) and dexamethasone group (p < 0.04 versus metoclopramide; p < 0.0001 versus placebo), as well as in the metoclopramide group (p < 0.02 versus placebo). Intravenous dolasetron and dexamethasone were equally effective and both are more effective than metoclopramide for preventing vomiting after breast surgery. Also both were significantly superior to either metoclopramide or placebo for postoperative nausea and vomiting and the need for droperidol rescue.", "17353833": "The purpose of this study was to explore patient opinion about asking healthcare professionals to wash their hands before a clinical procedure and to explore if methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) status and access to patient information about infection control would influence the patients' anxiety about asking. A descriptive survey was undertaken using a semi-structured questionnaire. The questionnaire was distributed to a randomized convenience sample of 185 inpatients across all departments of an acute NHS Trust hospital (response rate 58.9%). Spearman's rank order and Kendall Tau-b tests were used to analyse specific correlations. Respondents were more confident than anxious about being involved in a campaign that empowered patients to ask staff to wash their hands. Patients were more anxious to ask if their previous admission episodes were fewer, if their knowledge of MRSA was high and if there was less information about infection control available. Patients who had contracted MRSA in the past were less anxious, as they had a better understanding of the disease. In addition, more patients felt less anxious about asking staff to wash their hands if staff wore a badge saying 'It's OK to ask'.", "11463794": "ERK1b is an alternatively spliced form of ERK1, containing a 26-amino acid insertion between residues 340 and 341 of ERK1. Although under most circumstances the kinetics of ERK1b activation are similar to that of ERK1 and ERK2, we have previously found several conditions under which the activation of ERK1b by extracellular stimuli differs from that of other ERKs. We studied the molecular mechanisms that cause this differential regulation of ERK1b and found that ERK1b is altered in its ability to interact with MEK1 and this influenced its subcellular localization but not its kinetics of activation. ERK1b had a decreased ability to phosphorylate Elk1, but this did not change much the transcriptional activity of the latter. Importantly, the interaction of ERK1b with PTP-SL, which can act as a MAPK phosphatase, shortly after mitogenic stimulation, was significantly affected as well. Using mutants of ERK1b we found that the differential interaction of ERK1b with the three effectors is caused by the site of insertion that abrogates the cytosolic retention sequence/common docking motif of ERKs, and is not dependent on the actual sequence of the insert. Prolonged epidermal growth factor stimulation of Rat1 cells resulted in a differential inactivation and not activation of ERK1b as compared with ERK1 and ERK2. The reduced sensitivity to phosphatases without major differences in the kinetics of activation or activation of substrates, suggests that ERK1b plays a role in the transmission of extracellular signals under conditions of persistent stimulation, where ERK1b and MAPK phosphatases are induced, and the activity of ERK1 and ERK2 is suppressed.", "23628920": "After successful primary percutaneous coronary intervention in ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, adequate myocardial reperfusion is not achieved in up to 50% of patients. This phenomenon of no-reflow is associated with a poor in-hospital and long-term prognosis. Four main factors are thought to contribute to the occurrence of no-reflow: ischaemic injury; reperfusion injury; distal embolization; susceptibility of the microcirculation to injury. This review evaluates the literature, and in particular the clinical trials, concerned with pharmacological and physical methods for prevention and treatment of no-reflow. A number of drugs may improve no-reflow experimentally and clinically, but some have not yet been associated with conclusive improvements in clinical outcome. The complex interacting factors in no-reflow make it unlikely that any single agent will be effective for all patients. Confirmed methods known to be beneficial in the prevention of no-reflow (such as aspirin therapy, chronic statin therapy, blood glucose control, thrombus aspiration in patients with a high thrombus burden and ischaemic preconditioning) should be offered to patients as often as possible, to prevent and treat no-reflow.", "12651654": "We studied the effect of inhaled colforsin daropate, a water-soluble forskolin derivative, on the contractility of fatigued diaphragm in dogs. Animals were divided into 3 groups of 8. In each group, diaphragmatic fatigue was induced by intermittent supramaximal bilateral electrophrenic stimulation at a frequency of 20-Hz stimulation applied for 30 min. Immediately after the end of the fatigue-producing period, Group 1 received inhaled vehicle, Group 2 received inhaled colforsin daropate 0.1 mg/mL, and Group 3 received inhaled colforsin daropate 0.2 mg/mL. We assessed diaphragmatic contractility by transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi). After fatigue was produced, in each group, Pdi at low-frequency (20-Hz) stimulation decreased from baseline values (P < 0.05), and there was no change in Pdi at high-frequency (100-Hz) stimulation. In Groups 2 and 3, during colforsin daropate inhalation, Pdi at both stimuli increased from fatigued values (P < 0.05). The increase in Pdi was significantly larger in Group 3 than in Group 2. The integrated electrical activity of the diaphragm did not change in any group. We conclude that inhaled colforsin daropate causes an increase in contractility of fatigued canine diaphragm in a dose-related fashion.", "9104522": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) are commonly observed undesirable consequences of laparoscopic cholecystectomy. This study was undertaken to compare granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, with droperidol for reducing the incidence and severity of PONV after laparoscopic cholecystectomy.", "21900434": "We analyzed data from a cohort of 782 older patients assembled in 1999 to 2000 to determine whether baseline patient assessments of the quality of the primary care services they had received, measured using the Components of Primary Care Index (CPCI), were associated with subsequent changes in health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and/or survival.", "23473301": "Recent study showed that ROS has a crucial function during neuropathic pain development and maintenance. In this study, we suggest that a small, novel molecule, CMB-1078, can effectively induce GABAergic neuronal differentiation from human adipose tissue-derived stromal cells (hATSCs; GABA-hATSCs), which play a key role in ameliorating neuropathic pain caused by spinal cord injury. Compared to control hATSCs, the engraftment of GABA-hATSCs into animals with neuropathic pain significantly reduced secondary injury, including inflammation, GABAergic neuronal degeneration, and the circulation or propagation of proinflammatory factors cyclooxygenase2 (COX2), interlukin-1 \u03b2 (IL-1\u03b2), NADPH oxidase 2 (NOX 2), NADPH oxidase 4 (NOX 4) and tumor necrosis factor \u03b1 (TNF\u03b1) into the lesion. At the protein level, we also demonstrated that GABA-hATSCs engrafted into animals with neuropathic pain increased glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD65) and glutamic acid decarboxylase 67 (GAD67) expression levels. In addition, we evaluated functional pain behavior in the GABA-hATSCs- or control hATSCs-engrafted animal group, the pain in the PBS-infused animal group, and healthy animals by measuring mechanical and heat sensitivity. The pain plus GABA-hATSCs-engrafted animal groups showed paw withdrawal thresholds (PWTs) that gradually improved. In contrast, the mice with neuropathic pain did not show improved PWT. Further, the control hATSCs-engrafted animal showed attenuated PWTs. Finally, we suggest that the molecular function of GABA-hATSCs in neuropathic pain may provide potential therapeutic tools for the treatment of pain by controlling the pathology of neuropathic pain through neuroprotection and regeneration. ", "27749538": "Carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) is a common peripheral nerve entrapment disease. Either surgical or conservative intervention for CTS patients is needed to choose. We conducted this systematic review and meta-analysis to compare the clinical efficacy, safety, and cost of surgical versus nonsurgical intervention.", "23383203": "Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) can suppress dendritic cells (DCs) maturation and function, mediated by soluble factors, such as indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)), and nitric oxide (NO). Interleukin-10 (IL-10) is a common immunosuppressive cytokine, and the downstream signaling of the JAK-STAT pathway has been shown to be involved with DCs differentiation and maturation in the context of cancer. Whether IL-10 and/or the JAK-STAT pathway play a role in the inhibitory effect of MSCs on DCs maturation remains controversial. In our study, we cultured MSCs and DCs derived from rat bone marrow under different culturing conditions. Using Transwell plates, we detected by ELISA that the level of IL-10 significantly increased in the supernatants of MSC-DC co-cultures at 48 hours. The cell immunofluorescence assay suggested that the MSCs secreted more IL-10 than the DCs in the co-cultures. Adding exogenous IL-10 to the DCs monoculture or MSC-DC co-cultures stimulated IL-10 and led to a decrease in IL-12, and lower expression of the DCs surface markers CD80, CD86, OX62, MHC-II and CD11b/c. Supplementing the culture with an IL-10 neutralizing antibody (IL-10NA) showed precisely the opposite effect of adding IL-10. Moreover, we demonstrated that the JAK-STAT signaling pathway is involved in inhibiting DCs maturation. Both JAK1 and STAT3 expression and IL-10 secretion decreased markedly after adding a JAK inhibitor (AG490) to the co-culture plate. We propose that there is an IL-10 positive feedback loop, which may explain our observations of elevated IL-10 and enhanced JAK1 and STAT3 expression. Overall, we demonstrated that MSCs inhibit the maturation of DCs through the stimulation of IL-10 secretion, and by activating the JAK1 and STAT3 signaling pathway.", "25889956": "The present study sought to investigate the effects of Tarantula cubensis extract (TC; Theranekron\u00ae) on the histopathological scores of peritoneal wound healing after laparotomy in the rats.", "24792235": "The aim of this study was to explore the effect of lactoferrin (LF) in primary fetal rat osteoblasts proliferation and differentiation and investigate the underlying molecular mechanisms. Primary rat osteoblasts were obtained from the calvarias of neonatal rats. Osteoblasts were treated with LF (0.1-1000 \u03bcg/mL), or OSI-906 [a selective inhibitor of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) receptor and insulin receptor]. The IGF-1 was then knocked down by small hairpin RNA (shRNA) technology and then was treated with recombinant human IGF-1 or LF. Cell proliferation and differentiation were measured by MTT assay and alkaline phosphatase (ALP) assay, respectively. The expression of IGF-1 and IGF binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) mRNA were analyzed using real-time PCR. LF promotes the proliferation and differentiation of osteoblasts in a certain range (1-100 \u03bcg/mL) in time- and dose-dependent manner. The mRNA level of IGF-1 was significantly increased, while the expression of IGFBP2 was suppressed by LF treatment. Knockdown of IGF-1 by shRNA in primary rat osteoblast dramatically decreased the abilities of proliferation and differentiation of osteoblasts and blocked the proliferation and differentiation effect of LF in osteoblasts. OSI906 (5 \u03bcM) blocked the mitogenic and differentiation of LF in osteoblasts. Proliferation and differentiation of primary rat osteoblasts in response to LF are mediated in part by stimulating of IGF-1 gene expression and alterations in the gene expression of IGFBP2.", "17312943": "Basic Local Alignment Search Tool (BLAST) is a popular tool used for determining the patterns in genomic sequences. The algorithm of BLAST has gone for various changes from time to time. One third of the time is taken by BLAST to perform the gapped analysis on the sequences. An efficient algorithm has been presented that employs a new approach for curtailing the amount of sequences that proceed for gapped alignment. So this method will work after the ungapped alignment process is over. This works because of the fact that it is not necessary to perform gapped alignment for all the sequences that are coming from ungapped analysis. There is a significant increase in speed of the alignment process without compromising on the sensitivity of the result.", "11316402": "To evaluate the efficacy and safety of oral granisetron for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting after breast surgery.", "17296563": "Cancer testis antigens (CTA) provide attractive targets for cancer-specific immunotherapy. Although CTA genes are expressed in some normal tissues, such as the testis, this immunologically protected site lacks MHC I expression and as such, does not present self antigens to T cells. To date, CTA genes have been shown to be expressed in a range of solid tumors via demethylation of their promoter CpG islands, but rarely in chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) or other hematologic malignancies.", "9809085": "Dexamethasone decreases chemotherapy-induced emesis when added to an antiemetic regimen. This study was undertaken to evaluate the efficacy of granisetron-dexamethasone combination for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in female patients undergoing general anaesthesia for breast surgery.", "16968898": "Churg-Strauss syndrome (CSS) is a systemic disease that shows marked eosinophilia along with eosinophil infiltration in the tissue. Prolonged eosinophil survival plays an important role in the pathogenesis of CSS; however, its detailed molecular mechanism remains unclear. Discoidin domain receptor 1 (DDR1) is a receptor tyrosine kinase, and its ligand is collagen. DDR1 was expressed in human leukocytes and fibroblasts, and it plays an important role in leukocyte cytokine production and fibroblast survival in an NF-kappaB-dependent manner. In this study, we examined in vitro and in vivo eosinophil DDR1 expression and its function in CSS patients. The expression level of DDR1 was significantly higher in the eosinophils of CSS patients, and the predominant isoform was DDR1b. Immunohistochemical findings revealed that the tissue-infiltrating eosinophils expressed endogenous DDR1. In CSS patients, DDR1 activation inhibited Fas agonistic antibody-induced apoptosis and up-regulated Fas agonistic antibody-induced cytokine production of eosinophils in an NF-kappaB-dependent manner. Suppression of DDR1 expression in the eosinophils by using RNA interference and addition of the DDR1-blocking protein abolished these effects. We propose that DDR1 contributes to the eosinophil survival in the tissue microenvironment of CSS and that it might be involved in the development of CSS.", "21829495": "Host cells respond to exogenous infectious agents such as viruses, including HIV-1. Studies have evaluated the changes associated with virus infection at the transcriptional and translational levels of the cellular genes involved in specific pathways. While this approach is useful, in our view it provides only a partial view of genome-wide changes. Recently, technological advances in the expression profiling at the microRNA (miRNA) and mRNA levels have made it possible to evaluate the changes in the components of multiple pathways. To understand the role of miRNA and its interplay with host cellular gene expression (mRNA) during HIV-1 infection, we performed a comparative global miRNA and mRNA microarray using human PBMCs infected with HIV-1. The PBMCs were derived from multiple donors and were infected with virus generated from the molecular clone pNL4-3. The results showed that HIV-1 infection led to altered regulation of 21 miRNAs and 444 mRNA more than 2-fold, with a statistical significance of p<0.05. Furthermore, the differentially regulated miRNA and mRNA were shown to be associated with host cellular pathways involved in cell cycle/proliferation, apoptosis, T-cell signaling, and immune activation. We also observed a number of inverse correlations of miRNA and mRNA expression in infected PBMCs, further confirming the interrelationship between miRNA and mRNA regulation during HIV-1 infection. These results for the first time provide evidence that the miRNA profile could be an early indicator of host cellular dysfunction induced by HIV-1.", "7531724": "We have identified a novel ligand for CD44, a cell surface glycoprotein implicated in tumor metastasis and lymphocyte homing. When the mouse T cell line CTLL-2 was transfected with cDNA encoding a hemopoietic form of mouse CD44, CTLL-2 cells exhibited a new self-adhesive phenotype, forming large aggregates. The aggregation was blocked by neutralizing anti CD44 monoclonal antibody but unaffected by hyaluronidase, indicating the involvement of CD44 and its non-hyaluronate ligand in the cell aggregation. The ability to induce CD44-dependent aggregation was found in culture supernatants of CTLL-2 and its CD44 transfectants. The use of CD44-immunoglobulin chimeric protein revealed that CTLL-2 and its transfectants synthesized a large-molecular weight protein (gp600) which bound specifically to CD44. The gp600 was readily labeled with radioactive sulfate, and treatment of gp600 with chondroitinase ABC or ACII generated a lower molecular weight species (18-22 kDa), suggesting that gp600 consists of a small core protein with chondroitin sulfate glycosaminoglycan side chains. However, binding of CD44 to glycosaminoglycans such as chondroitin 4-sulfate, chondroitin 6-sulfate, and dermatan sulfate was undetectable, suggesting either that a novel chondroitin-type glycosaminoglycan is recognized by CD44 or that a particular configuration of the glycosaminoglycan is required for recognition by CD44.", "25791693": "Surgical resection continues to be the current standard treatment for distal bile duct carcinoma (DBC), as no effective alternative treatment exists. However, even after resection, the long-term prognosis is poor. Simple biomarkers that can predict response or toxicity, and which are applicable to all community oncology settings worldwide, have not been identified. Differential white-cell counts, such as the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), as markers of inflammation, may be simple and readily available biomarkers. This study aimed to determine whether the NLR can be used as a predictor of surgical outcome in patients with DBC.", "24677581": "Individuals with Huntington's disease have a high prevalence of falls, but the specific factors that may increase the risk of falling have not been clearly identified in this clinical population. This study aimed to identify the characteristics of individuals with early to mid-stage Huntington's disease who had a history of falls, compared with a cohort with no history of falls.", "17575123": "Colon cancer-specific antigen (CCSA)-3 and CCSA-4 are novel colon cancer markers identified by focused proteomic analysis of nuclear structural proteins. The goal of these studies was to evaluate serum-based CCSA-3 and CCSA-4 in the detection of individuals with preneoplastic and neoplastic lesions using ELISAs. Serum samples from 107 subjects undergoing colonoscopy, 28 subjects with colorectal cancer, and 125 subjects with benign disease or other types of cancer were evaluated. Individuals who underwent colonoscopy were classified into mutually exclusive categories, including normal colon, hyperplastic polyp, nonadvanced adenoma, and advanced adenoma. Sensitivity and specificity for both CCSA-3 and CCSA-4 were evaluated using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. At a cutoff of 2 microg/mL for CCSA-3 and 0.3 microg/mL for CCSA-4, each marker detected all 28 colorectal cancers, for a sensitivity of 100% (lower 95% confidence bound, 89.8%). The sensitivity for detection of the combined end point of colorectal cancer and advanced adenoma for CCSA-3 was 89.1% [95% confidence interval (95% CI), 76.4-96.4%] and for CCSA-4 was 84.8% (95% CI, 71.1-93.7%) and 91.3% (95% CI, 79.2-97.6%) for either marker positive. The specificity in individuals with normal, hyperplastic polyps, or nonadvanced adenomas was 82.0% (95% CI, 72.4-89.4%) and 91.0% (95% CI, 83.0-96.0%) for CCSA-3 and CCSA-4, respectively. ROC curves for CCSA-3 and CCSA-4 reveal an area under the curve of 0.94 (95% CI, 0.90-0.98%). In these initial analyses, CCSA-3 and CCSA-4 show promise as potential serum markers for detection of colorectal cancer and advanced adenomas.", "21687510": "This study was aimed to investigate the effects of baicalin (BA), a major flavonoid constituent found in the herb Baikal skullcap, on dendritic cells (DCs). DCs were generated by culturing murine bone marrow (BM) cells for 6 days with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor and interleukin (IL)-4, and lipopolysaccharide (LPS) was added on day 5 to stimulate DCs maturation. The expression levels of DC maturity markers (CD80/CD86) were assessed by flow cytometry using direct immunofluorescence method. IL-12 levels in the culture supernatants were assayed by ELISA. Apoptosis of DCs was analyzed by flow cytometry after annexin V/propidium iodide staining. The mitochondrial membrane potential (\u0394\u03c8(m)) changes were measured by using the J-aggregate forming lipophilic cation 5,5',6,6'-tetrachloro-1,1',3,3'-tetraethylbenzimidazolcarbocyanine iodide (JC-1). Exposure of DCs to BA (2-50\u2009\u03bcM) during BM cell differentiation showed no effects on the up-regulation of CD80/CD86 expression on DCs in response to LPS stimulation, but reduced DCs recovery by inducing apoptosis, and significantly inhibited the release of IL-12 to culture supernatants. BA-induced DC apoptosis in a time- and dose-dependent way, and immature DCs were more sensitive for BA-induced apoptosis than mature DC. BA also induced \u0394\u03c8(m) changes in DCs. These results demonstrate that BA induces selective apoptosis in immature DCs possibly through mitochondria-mediated pathway.", "26250458": "The high mobility group A2 (HMGA2), an oncofetal protein, was shown to play a role in tumor development and progression. However, the molecular and clinical role of HMGA2 in epithelial ovarian carcinomas (EOCs) is still unknown. In the present study, EOC cell line SKOV3 was subjected to in vitro assays. Here, our findings showed that HMGA2 was highly expressed in EOC cell line SKOV3. HMGA2 knockdown promoted cell apoptosis and the cleavage of caspase 3, and decreased the B cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2)/Bax ratio in SKOV3. Functionally, HMGA2 knockdown resulted in reduction of SKOV3 cell migration and invasion. Mechanically, HMGA2 knockdown affected the occurrence of EMT by increasing E-cadherin gene and protein expression and decreasing the gene and protein expression of N-cadherin, slug, and vimentin. At the same time, HMGA2 also repressed the expression of matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2) and matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9), which was consistent with the decreased invasion capacity. In conclusion, HMGA2 is associated with migration and invasiveness and regulates the progression of EMT in the development of EOC, and HMGA2 gene and protein may be a novel therapeutic target against EOC in the clinical practice. ", "28232911": "P. somniferum TyDC crystal structure and subsequent molecular docking and dynamics simulation provide some structural bases that explain substrate specificity for tyrosine. The result confirmed the previous proposed mechanism for the enzyme selectivity of indolic and phenolic substrates. Additionally, this study yields the first crystal structure for a plant type II pyridoxal-5'-phosphate decarboxylase.", "25398499": "The association of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) insertion/deletion (I/D) gene polymorphism with type-2 diabetic nephropathy (T2DN) susceptibility and the risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) developing into T2DN in Caucasian populations is still controversial. A meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the association of ACE I/D gene polymorphism with T2DN susceptibility and the risk of T2DM developing into T2DN in Caucasian populations.", "16002281": "Aromatase inhibitors (AI) block the last enzymatic step of estrogen production, the aromatization of the A-cycle of aromatizable androgens and particularly, androstenedione (delta4) and testosterone (T). Molecules designed for interfering with aromatase activity have existed for many years. Yet the activity of products of the aminogluthetimide era was unspecific and these substances carried too many side effects for being used clinically. Newer third generation AIs, however, are highly specific and essentially devoid of side effects. These molecules have recently been approved for treating breast cancer in postmenopausal women either, in advanced forms or, as part of adjuvant therapy. In women whose ovaries are active, a temporary inhibition of E2 production will raise gonadotropins and in turn, stimulate follicular growth. In cancer patients, this property precludes the use of AIs in women whose ovaries are still active, unless gonadotropins are blocked. But in infertility patients, this property of AIs has been put to play for inducing ovulation. AIs have been used both in women who do not ovulate but whose hypothalamo-pituitary-gonadal (HPG) axis is active (oligo-anovulators of PCOD type) and those who ovulate regularly but in whom multiple ovulation is sought for treating unexplained infertility or as part of IVF. Like clomiphene citrate (CC), AIs are not usable in women whose gonadotropins are suppressed, as in the case of hypothalamic amenorrhea. The sum of data available on the use of AI for inducing ovulation remains however meager to this date and is mainly constituted of pilot and non-randomized trials. Yet mounting evidence tends to support AIs' advantages over CC for induction of ovulation. Hence, we think that the likelihood that these drugs will play a key role in induction of ovulation in the future is high. AIs appear particularly interesting for treating unexplained infertility because AI-FSH/hMG regimens are lighter than FSH-only regimens while retaining the high pregnancy rates of these latter treatments.", "25070829": "Pancreatic beta-cell is responsible for insulin secretion in response to the availability of nutrients. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) is the result of pancreatic b-cell failure to supply sufficient amount of insulin accompanied with decreased sensitivity of the body tissues to respond to insulin. The insulin secretion apparatus of beta-cell is uniquely equipped with multiple metabolic and signaling steps that are under rigorous control. The metabolic machinery of beta-cell is designed to sense the fluctuations in blood glucose level and supply insulin accordingly to the needs of body. Besides glucose, amino acids including glutamine and leucine and also fatty acids are known to either stimulate the beta-cell directly or potentiate the glucose stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) response. Glucose metabolism dependent GSIS is linked with the production of ATP that is needed for K+ATP channel inhibition and influx of calcium, necessary for insulin granule exocytosis. Besides glucose metabolism, amino acid metabolism and lipid metabolism derived metabolites mediate the optimal glucose response of beta-cells to secrete insulin. Metabolites derived from nutrient secretagogues that directly or indirectly participate in the enhancement of GSIS are considered as metabolic coupling factors. In this review, we will discuss the regulation of insulin secretion by b-cell keeping the recent developments in metabolic signaling in focus. The relevant metabolic pathways in pancreatic beta-cell and their role in the control of fuel-stimulated insulin secretion will be reviewed to arrive at a consensus picture with respect to the metabolic signaling of insulin secretion.", "1518830": "Recombinant human migration inhibitory factor (MIF), isolated through functional expression cloning in COS-1 cells, up-regulates expression of genes encoding HLA-DR and interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) and elaboration of IL-1 beta by human monocyte-derived macrophages. Administration of soluble bovine serum albumin or human immunodeficiency virus 120-kDa glycoprotein (HIV gp120) to mice in the presence of recombinant MIF together with incomplete Freund's adjuvant induced a strong T-cell proliferative response comparable to that of complete Freund's adjuvant. Recombinant MIF also increased antibody production, especially of IgG1 and IgM, in mice. Taken together, these results indicate that recombinant MIF may be useful as an adjuvant in the development of vaccines.", "18427122": "The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) activates cellular pathways controlling cell proliferation, differentiation, migration, and survival. It thus represents a valid therapeutic target for treating solid cancers. Here, we used an electron microscopy-based technique (Protein Tomography) to study the structural rearrangement accompanying activation and inhibition of native, individual, EGFR molecules. Reconstructed tomograms (3D density maps) showed a level of detail that allowed individual domains to be discerned. Monomeric, resting EGFR ectodomains demonstrated large flexibility, and a number of distinct conformations were observed. In contrast, ligand-activated EGFR complexes were detected only as receptor dimers with ring-like conformations. Zalutumumab, a therapeutic inhibitory EGFR antibody directed against domain III, locked EGFR molecules into a very compact, inactive conformation. Biochemical analyses showed bivalent binding of zalutumumab to provide potent inhibition of EGFR signaling. The structure of EGFR-zalutumumab complexes on the cell surface visualized by Protein Tomography indicates that the cross-linking spatially separates the EGFR molecules' intracellular kinase domains to an extent that appears incompatible with the induction of signaling. These insights into the mechanisms of action of receptor inhibition may also apply to other cell-surface tyrosine kinase receptors of the ErbB family.", "19918075": "Aging is a major risk factor for metabolic disease and loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength, a condition known as sarcopenia. Both conditions present a major health burden to the elderly population. Here, we analyzed the effect of mildly increased PGC-1alpha expression in skeletal muscle during aging. We found that transgenic MCK-PGC-1alpha animals had preserved mitochondrial function, neuromuscular junctions, and muscle integrity during aging. Increased PGC-1alpha levels in skeletal muscle prevented muscle wasting by reducing apoptosis, autophagy, and proteasome degradation. The preservation of muscle integrity and function in MCK-PGC-1alpha animals resulted in significantly improved whole-body health; both the loss of bone mineral density and the increase of systemic chronic inflammation, observed during normal aging, were prevented. Importantly, MCK-PGC-1alpha animals also showed improved metabolic responses as evident by increased insulin sensitivity and insulin signaling in aged mice. Our results highlight the importance of intact muscle function and metabolism for whole-body homeostasis and indicate that modulation of PGC-1alpha levels in skeletal muscle presents an avenue for the prevention and treatment of a group of age-related disorders.", "21720318": "Perfecting tissue engineering and cell sheet transplantation is an important step toward realizing regenerative medicine and is a growing area of research. Before being applied to clinical settings, it is important that these approaches are evaluated in vivo. Here we provide a detailed protocol for handling thin cell sheets, for a simple and highly reproducible subcutaneous transplantation of cell sheets into mice, and for the histological examination of regenerated tissues. Various aspects of transplants can be assessed, such as maintenance, differentiation and proliferation. An emphasis is placed on surgical precision and reproducibility. The resulting consistency between surgeries helps minimize artifacts from surgical variation and therefore enables researchers to not only observe and compare the interactions between host tissues but also to compare transplants among different host animals. A single transplantation can be carried out within \u223c10 min.", "16616662": "To determine whether ketamine administration affects markers of inflammation in cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) and to investigate differences between 2 low-dose ketamine regimens.", "15912198": "An immunoblot assay using four recombinant proteins corresponding to human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) and type 2 (HIV-2) gene products was developed to confirm the presence of antibodies to HIV-1 and 2 in sera reactive in screening ELISAs. Serum samples for testing were obtained from healthy seronegative blood donors and from different categories of HIV-infected individuals (asymptomatic HIV-infected, and AIDS). A positive reaction was defined as reactivity against gag (p24) and at least one other env (either gp41 or gp120) HIV gene products; negative result was defined as no reaction with any antigen; and indeterminate result was defined as reactivity with gag (p24) or with env (gp41 or gp120) alone. None of the 180 serum samples from healthy seronegative blood donors gave a positive result, and only 4 of these samples (2.2%) gave indeterminate results. The recombinant HIV Dot blotting assay identified seropositive individuals with a high degree of accuracy; none of the 125 HIV-seropositive subjects had a negative test result. Reactivity with these antigens, demonstrated 100% sensitivity and specificity in distinguishing seronegative from seropositive sera. All seronegative and seropositive samples were tested both with the commercially available ELISA and by Western blot. The recombinant in-house HIV Dot blot assay accurately identified more seropositive and seronegative samples and had fewer indeterminate results than did commercial Western blot (as interpreted by CDC criteria).", "16936204": "Prolonged exercise of medium to high intensity is known to promote a substantial effect on the energy balance of rats. In male rats, moderately to severely intense programs lead to a reduction in food intake. However, the exact causes for the appetite-suppressive effects of exercise are not known. Here, we show that intracerebroventricular insulin or leptin infusion reduced food intake in exercised rats to a greater extent than that observed in control animals. Exercise was associated with a markedly increased phosphorylation/activity of several proteins involved in leptin and insulin signal transduction in the hypothalamus. The regulatory role of interleukin (IL)-6 in mediating the increase in leptin and insulin sensitivity in hypothalamus was also investigated. Treatment with insulin or leptin markedly reduced food intake in exercised rats that were pretreated with vehicle, although no increase in sensitivity to leptin- and insulin-induced anorexia after pretreatment with anti-IL-6 antibody was detected. The current study provides direct measurements of leptin and insulin signaling in the hypothalamus and documents increased sensitivity to these hormones in the hypothalamus of exercised rats in an IL-6-dependent manner. These findings provide support for the hypothesis that the appetite-suppressive actions of exercise may be mediated by the hypothalamus.", "25947405": "In prokaryotic organisms, the mechanism responsible for the accurate partition of newly replicated chromosomes into daughter cells is incompletely understood. Segregation of the replication terminus of the circular prokaryotic chromosome poses special problems that have not previously been addressed. The aim of this study was to investigate the roles of several protein components (MreB, MreC, and MreD) of the prokaryotic cytoskeleton for the faithful transmission of the chromosomal terminus into daughter cells.", "19664153": "Both chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5) blockade and rapamycin (rapa) are effective in modulating transplant immunity and led to prolonged allograft survival, yet a great many grafts were ultimately lost to acute rejection. In this study we examined the inhibition of CCR5 in combination with the treatment with rapa in cardiac transplantation. Fully major histocompatibility complex-mismatched murine cardiac allograft models were randomized to five groups. They were administered with anti-CCR5 antibody or control antibody and rapa or phosphate-buffered saline (PBS), respectively. An additional group was treated with anti-CCR5 antibody, rapa and anti-CD25 antibody. Allograft rejection was investigated by flow cytometric analyses and enzyme-linked immunospot assay. Allografts treated with anti-CCR5 antibody plus rapa showed significantly prolonged survival (83 +/- 3 days, P < 0.001) compared with control antibody plus PBS-treated allografts (6 +/- 1 days). Treatment with anti-CCR5 monoclonal antibody (mAb) plus rapa inhibited significantly the progression of chronic rejction. Further analysis of donor hearts in the anti-CCR5 antibody plus rapa-treated group demonstrated increased infiltration of CD4(+)CD25(+)forkhead box P3(+) regulatory T cells, and depletion of CD25(+) cells resulted in acute rejection of allografts in 18 +/- 1 day. CCR5 blockade in combination with rapa is effective in preventing acute and chronic rejection in a robust murine model. This effect is mediated by CD25(+) T cell recruitment and control of T lymphocyte proliferation.", "17673498": "Clinical symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD) include not only motor distress but also autonomic dysfunction. Orthostatic hypotension (OH) occurs in one-fifth to one-half of all patients with PD. We examined the relation of this type of hypotension to clinical features and cardiovascular parameters such as cardiac 123I-meta-iodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) uptake, changes on the Valsalva maneuver, and plasma norepinephrine concentrations on head-up tilt-table testing (HUT). We performed HUT in 55 patients with PD and divided them into two groups according to the presence or absence of OH, defined as a drop in systolic blood pressure (SBP mmHg) by 20 mmHg or more on standing. We evaluated cardiac sympathetic function by 123I-MIBG scintigraphy and assessed cardiovascular autonomic function by using the Valsalva maneuver in all subjects. We also performed HUT, 123I-MIBG scintigraphy and assessed cardiovascular autonomic function by using the Valsalva maneuver in 20 controls. The results of HUT showed that 20 patients had OH and 35 did not. The hypotension was associated with gender, older age, longer disease duration, posture and gait instability phenotype, low mini-mental state examination scores and visual hallucinations. Cardiac 123I-MIBG uptakes were lower in patients with OH. SBP fell further during early second phase in patients with OH than in patients without the condition and their increase in SBP during the late second phase and the overshoot of SBP during the fourth phase were lower. The blood pressure recovery time during the fourth phase on the Valsalva maneuver was longer in patients with OH than in those without OH. There was, however, no association between the fall in SBP on HUT and baroreflex sensitivity or the plasma norepinephrine concentrations, adjusted by age, disease duration, disease severity and dopaminergic medication using multiple regression analyses. Patients without OH already had impaired cardiac sympathetic and baroreceptor reflex functions as early abnormalities of cardiovascular autonomic control. Our results suggest that pronounced vasomotor and cardiac sympathetic dysfunction is the primary cause of OH in PD, although baroreceptor reflex failure may also make a minor contribution. It was unclear whether vasomotor and cardiac sympathetic dysfunction in patients with PD was caused primarily by the impairment of preganglionic or postganglionic lesions.", "15142171": "To investigate the possibility of in vivo gene transfer by attempting to transfer the neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) gene into rat bladder using electroporation.", "18296101": "The actin-binding domains of many proteins consist of a canonical type 1/type 2 arrangement of the structurally conserved calponin homology domain. Using the actin-binding domain of alpha-actinin-1 as a scaffold we have generated synthetic actin-binding domains by altering position and composition of the calponin homology domains. We show that the presence of two calponin homology domains alone and in the context of an actin-binding domain is not sufficient for actin-binding, and that both single and homotypic type 2 calponin homology domain tandems fail to bind to actin in vitro and in transfected cells. In contrast, single and tandem type 1 calponin homology domain arrays bind actin directly but result in defective turnover rates on actin filaments, and in aberrant actin bundling when introduced into the full-length alpha-actinin molecule. An actin-binding domain harboring the calponin homology domains in an inverted position, however, functions both in isolation and in the context of the dimeric alpha-actinin molecule. Our data demonstrate that the dynamics and specificity of actin-binding via actin-binding domains requires both the filament binding properties of the type 1, and regulation by type 2 calponin homology domains, and appear independent of their position.", "20823260": "Cancer cells are characterized by genetic mutations that deregulate cell proliferation and suppress cell death. To arrest the uncontrolled replication of malignant cells, conventional chemotherapies systemically disrupt cell division, causing diverse and often severe side effects as a result of collateral damage to normal cells. Seeking to address this shortcoming, we pursue therapeutic regulation that is conditional, activating selectively in cancer cells. This functionality is achieved using small conditional RNAs that interact and change conformation to mechanically transduce between detection of a cancer mutation and activation of a therapeutic pathway. Here, we describe small conditional RNAs that undergo hybridization chain reactions (HCR) to induce cell death via an innate immune response if and only if a cognate mRNA cancer marker is detected within a cell. The sequences of the small conditional RNAs can be designed to accept different mRNA markers as inputs to HCR transduction, providing a programmable framework for selective killing of diverse cancer cells. In cultured human cancer cells (glioblastoma, prostate carcinoma, Ewing's sarcoma), HCR transduction mediates cell death with striking efficacy and selectivity, yielding a 20- to 100-fold reduction in population for cells containing a cognate marker, and no measurable reduction otherwise. Our results indicate that programmable mechanical transduction with small conditional RNAs represents a fundamental principle for exploring therapeutic conditional regulation in living cells.", "22236461": "Although pregabalin therapy is beneficial for neuropathic pain (NeP) by targeting the CaV\u03b12\u03b4-1 subunit, its site of action is uncertain. Direct targeting of the central nervous system may be beneficial for the avoidance of systemic side effects.", "16362798": "The fact that the CD30 molecule can mediate signals for cell proliferation or apoptosis prompted us to perform a systematic investigation of CD30 antigen expression in embryonal tissues during proliferation and differentiation stages. We first targeted the foetal human intestinal cryptae cells with positive results. The epidermis is a dynamic epithelium that is constantly renewed throughout life. The basal layer, attached to the basement membrane, contains the dividing cells of the skin and as cells move up from this layer they undergo differentiation, ending in the formation of a terminally differentiated anucleate cell called squame. It is intriguing to find out if cells in the basal layer can express the CD30 antigen. We investigated the immunohistochemical expression of CD30 antigen in 15 paraffin-embedded tissue samples representing epidermis and epidermal buds from foetuses after spontaneous abortion in the 8th, 10th and 12th weeks of gestation, respectively, using the monoclonal antibody NCL-CD30. A Northern blotting analysis was additionally performed. The results showed that: (1) the epithelial cells of the epidermis in the developing skin express the CD30 antigen; (2) CD30 expression in these epithelial cells is higher in cases of hormonal administration than in normal gestation; (3) a similar positive reaction involved the epidermal buds associated with the development of the skin appendages. Northern blots of tissue sections using a CD30 cDNA probe detected mRNAs of the same molecular mass and variety similarly to those in the positive control cell line HUT 102.", "7954995": "In order to determine the optimal effective dose of granisetron for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting, the drug was administered in doses of either 20, 40 or 60 micrograms.kg-1. The efficacy of granisetron was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind comparison with placebo in 100 patients undergoing general anaesthesia for major gynaecological surgery. The patients received a single dose of either granisetron or placebo (saline) iv immediately after recovery from anaesthesia. The effects were assessed during the 24 hr after recovery from anaesthesia by means of a nausea and vomiting score; 0 = no emetic symptoms, 1 = nausea, 2 = vomiting. The treatment groups were similar for patient characteristics, surgical procedures and anaesthetics administered. The mean scores were 0.7, 0.6, 0.2 and 0.2 after administration of placebo, granisetron 20, 40 and 60 micrograms.kg-1, respectively. Granisetron 40 micrograms.kg-1 was as effective as 60 micrograms.kg-1 and both resulted in reduction of the scores compared with placebo and granisetron 20 micrograms.kg-1 (P < 0.05). In conclusion, granisetron 40 micrograms.kg-1 is considered to be the appropriate dosage for preventing postoperative emesis after anaesthesia.", "26733876": "Mycophenolic acid (MPA) is an important immunosuppressive drug (ISD) prescribed to prevent graft rejection in the organ transplanted patients, however, its use is also associated with adverse side effects like sporadic gastrointestinal (GI) disturbances. Recently, we reported the MPA induced tight junctions (TJs) deregulation which involves MLCK/MLC-2 pathway. Here, we investigated the global histone acetylation as well as gene-specific chromatin signature of several genes associated with TJs regulation in Caco-2 cells after MPA treatment.", "19377461": "The post-translational modifications of histone tails generate a 'histone code' that defines local and global chromatin states. The resultant regulation of gene function is thought to govern cell fate, proliferation and differentiation. Reversible histone modifications such as methylation are under mutual controls to organize chromosomal events. Among the histone modifications, methylation of specific lysine and arginine residues seems to be critical for chromatin configuration and control of gene expression. Methylation of histone H3 lysine 4 (H3K4) changes chromatin into a transcriptionally active state. Reversible modification of proteins by beta-N-acetylglucosamine (O-GlcNAc) in response to serum glucose levels regulates diverse cellular processes. However, the epigenetic impact of protein GlcNAcylation is unknown. Here we report that nuclear GlcNAcylation of a histone lysine methyltransferase (HKMT), MLL5, by O-GlcNAc transferase facilitates retinoic-acid-induced granulopoiesis in human HL60 promyelocytes through methylation of H3K4. MLL5 is biochemically identified in a GlcNAcylation-dependent multi-subunit complex associating with nuclear retinoic acid receptor RARalpha (also known as RARA), serving as a mono- and di-methyl transferase to H3K4. GlcNAcylation at Thr 440 in the MLL5 SET domain evokes its H3K4 HKMT activity and co-activates RARalpha in target gene promoters. Increased nuclear GlcNAcylation by means of O-GlcNAc transferase potentiates retinoic-acid-induced HL60 granulopoiesis and restores the retinoic acid response in the retinoic-acid-resistant HL60-R2 cell line. Thus, nuclear MLL5 GlcNAcylation triggers cell lineage determination of HL60 through activation of its HKMT activity.", "18181436": "This study reports on findings from the ex post evaluation of the Maewo Capacity Building project in Vanuatu which was funded by World Vision Australia. The objective of the evaluation was to examine the extent to which the infrastructure and systems left behind by the project contributed to the improvement of household food security, and health and nutritional outcomes in Maewo island, using Ambae island as a comparator The household food security of 817 households selected by a two stage cluster sampling method was assessed using a modified version of the Radimer-Comell hunger scale and the US National Measure of food security. Anthropometric measurement in children (6-59 months) and mortality data were also obtained. The prevalence of food insecurity without hunger was estimated at 15.3% (95%CI: 12.1% to 19.2%) in Maewo versus 38.2% (95%CI: 33.6% to 43.0%) in Ambae while food insecurity with hunger in children did not vary by location. After controlling for age, gender and household food security status, children aged 6-59 months in Maewo were less likely to be underweight than children of the same age in Ambae (OR: 0.66, 95%CI 0.38 to 0.99). No difference was detected between the two locations in terms of stunting and wasting prevalence. The crude mortality rate (CMR) was lower in Maewo (CTvIIR=0.47/10,000/day, 95%CI: 0.39 to 0.55) than Ambae (CMR= 0.59/10,000/day, 95%CI: 0.51 to 0.67) but no difference existed in mortality in children under five years old. The major causes of death were similar in both locations and the causes frequently reported were malaria, acute respiratory infection and dianheal diseases. The evaluation found that Maewo had better health and nutrition outcomes but the infrastructure left behind by the project and the livelihood system may have been weakened by cyclone Ivy that devastated the region from 25 to 27 February 2004.", "19230025": "Human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1) is the etiologic agent for adult T-cell leukemia (ATL). Aurora A, a mitotic checkpoint protein, is overexpressed in human cancer cells. The cell cycle-dependent turnover of Aurora A is regulated by E3 ubiquitin ligases such as checkpoint with fork head-associated and ring finger (CHFR). Here, we found overexpression of Aurora A protein in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells. The expression of CHFR mRNA was reduced in these cells by abnormal methylation of CHFR promoter region. Knockdown of Aurora A using small interfering RNA suppressed the growth of HTLV-1-infected T-cell line. Transfection of Aurora A expression plasmid enhanced Tax-induced nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) reporter activity. Transfection of CHFR expression plasmid into an HTLV-1-infected T-cell line reduced cell growth, Aurora A protein level and constitutive NF-kappaB reporter activity. Aurora kinase inhibitor suppressed the growth and survival of HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells. It also reduced constitutive NF-kappaB activity in an HTLV-1-infected T-cell line by reducing IkappaB kinase beta phosphorylation and the expression of antiapoptotic protein survivin. Our results suggested that loss of CHFR expression resulted to accumulation of Aurora A, which increased NF-kappaB activity. These findings highlight the critical role of Aurora A in HTLV-1-infected T cells, making this molecule a potentially suitable target for future therapies for ATL.", "24980815": "We have shown previously that Gugggulsterone (Gug) inhibits growth of cultured LNCaP and PC-3 human prostate cancer cells by causing apoptosis induction in association with reactive-oxygen species (ROS)-dependent activation of c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK). The present study builds upon the novel observations and now reveals a novel mechanism of Gug-anticancer activity that ATP citrate lyase (ACLY)-regulated Akt inactivation is involved in Gug-mediated inhibition of prostate cancer growth. Oral gavage of Gug significantly retarded the growth of PC-3 xenografts in athymic mice without causing weight loss and any other side effects. The Gug-induced apoptosis was associated with remarkably down-regulation of Akt and ACLY in both cancer cells and xenografts tumor tissue of Gug-treated group. Ectopic expression of constitutively active Akt conferred significant protection against Gug-mediated apoptotic cell death in both cancer cells. Moreover, the Gug-induced apoptosis, and Akt and ACLY inactivation in PC-3 and LNCaP cells was intensified by siRNA-based knockdown of ACLY protein level and by pharmacological inhibition of ACLY, or was protected by the ectopic expression of ACLY. In conclusion, the present study reveals a novel mechanism of Gug-anticancer activity that Gug-inhibited prostate cancer growth is regulated by ACLY/Akt signaling axis. ", "21343579": "Nitroglycerin stimulates bone formation and inhibits bone resorption, is inexpensive, and is widely available. Its effects on bone density, bone structure, and bone strength are unknown.", "24079711": "Adult mouse and human testes harbor relatively quiescent, pluripotent very small embryonic-like stem cells (VSELs), in addition to actively dividing spermatogonial stem cells (SSCs). Here we report that various oncotherapy regimens in human cancer patients (n=7) and busulphan treatment (25mg/Kg body weight) in eight weeks old male mice (n=15) selectively affects actively dividing SSCs, spermatogonia, haploid germ cells and somatic microenvironment resulting in germ cell aplasia, whereas VSELs are unaffected and persist in otherwise germ cell depleted testis. Testicular VSELs are 2-5 \u00b5m in size, have high nucleo-cytoplasmic ratio, SCA-1+/CD45-/LIN- (mice), CD133+/CD45-/LIN- (human survivors of childhood cancer) and express various pluripotent transcripts including OCT-4A. SCA-1 sorted cells from busulphan treated mice testes in vitro formed small clusters suggestive of self-renewal and differentiation into progenitors, which divide rapidly. Inter-tubular random injections of syngeneic Sertoli cells (105 cells per testis, n=14) or bone marrow derived mesenchymal cells (104 cells per testis, n=16) into the germ cell depleted busulphan treated mice testes, were able to restore spermatogenesis from persisting VSELs. Transplanted Sertoli or mesenchymal cells possibly were a source of growth factors essential for VSELs differentiation. Since sperm formation occurred in situ, various epigenetic concerns associated with the 'synthetic gametes' may be eliminated in our approach. Ability of mesenchymal cells to restore spermatogenesis may benefit existing azoospermic survivors of childhood cancer who were otherwise deprived of testicular tissue cryopreservation prior to oncotherapy. Further studies are warranted to delineate the underlying mechanisms and to study quality and potential of sperm generated by this approach. ", "2452833": "T lymphocytes are thought to cooperatively interact with monocytes to produce colony-stimulating factors (CSF). However, little is known about monocyte-mediated signals leading to CSF-secretion by T lymphocytes, although soluble monocyte products have been implicated. We have employed monoclonal antibody anti-T3B covalently coupled to CnBr-activated Sepharose 4B beads, to show that multimeric ligation of T cell antigen receptor leads to T cell receptiveness to interleukin 1 (IL-1), as indicated by T cell production of CSF, which induces growth of myeloid progenitor cells into neutrophil, eosinophil, and monocyte colonies. To investigate the molecular basis of these findings, total RNA was extracted from T3B Sepharose-primed and IL-1-stimulated T lymphocytes and probed for granulocyte-monocyte-CSF (GM-CSF), granulocyte-CSF (G-CSF), and monocyte-CSF (M-CSF) mRNA. GM-CSF, but not G-CSF or M-CSF, messages were detected. Nuclear \"run on\" assays revealed that IL-1 action is effective primarily at the level of GM-CSF gene transcription. These results suggest a previously unrecognized role of IL-1 in the regulation of GM-CSF secretion by T cells.", "11100731": "A cure for diabetes has long been sought using several different approaches, including islet transplantation, regeneration of beta cells and insulin gene therapy. However, permanent remission of type 1 diabetes has not yet been satisfactorily achieved. The development of type 1 diabetes results from the almost total destruction of insulin-producing pancreatic beta cells by autoimmune responses specific to beta cells. Standard insulin therapy may not maintain blood glucose concentrations within the relatively narrow range that occurs in the presence of normal pancreatic beta cells. We used a recombinant adeno-associated virus (rAAV) that expresses a single-chain insulin analogue (SIA), which possesses biologically active insulin activity without enzymatic conversion, under the control of hepatocyte-specific L-type pyruvate kinase (LPK) promoter, which regulates SIA expression in response to blood glucose levels. Here we show that SIA produced from the gene construct rAAV-LPK-SIA caused remission of diabetes in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and autoimmune diabetic mice for a prolonged time without any apparent side effects. This new SIA gene therapy may have potential therapeutic value for the cure of autoimmune diabetes in humans.", "10095978": "The aims of this paper were to present data on the pharmacokinetics, clearance, bioavailability, and in vivo absorption of etonogestrel (ENG); to present the results of a longitudinal analysis of the plasma concentration-time curves of ENG; and to present the results of a cross-sectional analysis on the association of body weight with serum ENG concentrations. Implanon had an absorption rate of almost 60 micrograms/day after 3 months, which slowly decreased to 30 micrograms/day at the end of 2 years. The bioavailability over this period of time was constant and close to 100%. The clearance remained around 7.5 L/h. With a bioavailability and clearance that remained constant, it was concluded that accumulation of ENG does not occur. After Implanon insertion, serum concentrations increased within 8 h to concentrations associated with ovulation inhibition. Maximum mean serum concentrations (Cmax) amounted to 813 pg/mL and the time (tmax) to reach Cmax was 4 days. After reaching Cmax, ENG serum concentrations declined to about 196 pg/mL at the end of the first year, followed by a slow decline to 156 pg/mL at the end of the third year. After removal of Implanon, serum ENG concentrations declined to levels less than the detection limit of the assay (20 pg/mL) within 1 week. Lower body weight was associated with higher serum ENG concentrations.", "10095980": "The vaginal bleeding patterns observed during the use of the single-rod progestin-only implant, Implanon, compared with those seen during the use of the six-capsule implant, Norplant, have been analyzed. The acceptability of these bleeding patterns was also assessed. An integrated analysis of 13 different trials was done, studying reference periods (RP) of 90 days. These trials included totals of 1716 Implanon users and 689 Norplant users. There were statistically significant lower mean values over RP 2-8 the range over RP 2-8 is presented) for Implanon, for the number of bleeding-spotting days (15.9-19.3 vs 19.4-21.6; p = 0.0169), the number of bleeding days (7.5-10.0 vs. 11.7-13.1; p < 0.001), and the number of bleeding-spotting episodes (2.2-2.7 vs. 3.1-3.3; p < 0.0001). The bleeding patterns of Implanon users appeared to be more variable than those observed with Norplant: Implanon users had more amenorrhea, and slightly more infrequent bleeding, frequent bleeding, and prolonged bleeding than Norplant users. The difference was only statistically significant for amenorrhea (17.9%-24.8% with Implanon compared with 2.0%-7.0% for Norplant over RP 2-8). There were no statistically significant differences in the acceptability of the two products as indicated by the discontinuation rates, which were 30.2% and 0.9% in Europe and Southeast Asia, respectively, for Implanon, and 22.5% and 1.4%, respectively, in the two regions, for Norplant. The individual bleeding pattern was not predictable. However, in general, it can be stated that women initially without bleeding or with infrequent bleeding have only a small chance of becoming frequent bleeders, and vice versa. Dysmenorrhea clearly improved during use of both Implanon and Norplant. Neither Implanon nor Norplant caused anemia.", "15650163": "Adult T-cell leukemia (ATL), a CD4+-T-cell malignancy caused by human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1), is difficult to cure, and novel treatments are urgently needed. Apo2 ligand (Apo2L; also tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand [TRAIL]) has been implicated in antitumor therapy. We found that HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells were more resistant to Apo2L-induced apoptosis than uninfected cells. Interestingly, HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and primary ATL cells constitutively expressed Apo2L mRNA. Inducible expression of the viral oncoprotein Tax in a T-cell line up-regulated Apo2L mRNA. Analysis of the Apo2L promoter revealed that this gene is activated by Tax via the activation of NF-kappaB. The sensitivity to Apo2L was not correlated with expression levels of Apo2L receptors, intracellular regulators of apoptosis (FLICE-inhibitory protein and active Akt). NF-kappaB plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis and survival of ATL cells. The resistance to Apo2L-induced apoptosis was reversed by N-acetyl-L-leucinyl-L-leucinyl-lLnorleucinal (LLnL), an NF-kappaB inhibitor. LLnL significantly induced the Apo2L receptors DR4 and DR5. Our results suggest that the constitutive activation of NF-kappaB is essential for Apo2L gene induction and protection against Apo2L-induced apoptosis and that suppression of NF-kappaB may be a useful adjunct in clinical use of Apo2L against ATL.", "18713984": "Lymphocyte differentiation from naive CD4(+) T cells into mature Th1, Th2, Th17, or T regulatory cell (Treg) phenotypes has been considered end stage in character. In this study, we demonstrate that dendritic cells (DCs) activated with a novel immune modulator B7-DC XAb (DC(XAb)) can reprogram Tregs into T effector cells. Down-regulation of FoxP3 expression after either in vitro or in vivo Treg-DC(XAb) interaction is Ag-specific, IL-6-dependent, and results in the functional reprogramming of the mature T cell phenotype. The reprogrammed Tregs cease to express IL-10 and TGFbeta, fail to suppress T cell responses, and gain the ability to produce IFN-gamma, IL-17, and TNF-alpha. The ability of IL-6(+) DC(XAb) and the inability of IL-6(-/-) DC(XAb) vaccines to protect animals from lethal melanoma suggest that exogenously modulated DC can reprogram host Tregs. In support of this hypothesis and as a test for Ag specificity, transfer of DC(XAb) into RIP-OVA mice causes a break in immune tolerance, inducing diabetes. Conversely, adoptive transfer of reprogrammed Tregs but not similarly treated CD25(-) T cells into naive RIP-OVA mice is also sufficient to cause autoimmune diabetes. Yet, treatment of normal mice with B7-DC XAb fails to elicit generalized autoimmunity. The finding that mature Tregs can be reprogrammed into competent effector cells provides new insights into the plasticity of T cell lineage, underscores the importance of DC-T cell interaction in balancing immunity with tolerance, points to Tregs as a reservoir of autoimmune effectors, and defines a new approach for breaking tolerance to self Ags as a strategy for cancer immunotherapy.", "19418497": "We have previously shown that EPCA-2 can serve as a highly specific and sensitive serum marker for prostate cancer. As a component of our validation of this marker, we have performed an initial evaluation of an assay that detects a distinct epitope of the same protein: EPCA-2.19. The goals of this study are to characterize the sensitivity and specificity of the EPCA-2.19 assay, in a non-screening population, and to demonstrate that such test based has similar characteristics as the initial assay produced.", "16412036": "To clarify whether the various subtypes of serous cystic neoplasms (SCNs) of the pancreas can be distinguished from each other by marker profiles.", "20123013": "Inflammatory reactions that result from microbial infections, both localized and systemic, are reported to cause transient or permanent male infertility. The cellular mechanisms underlying the inhibitory effect of microbial infection on spermatogenesis is not fully understood. However, there is evidence that spermatogenesis is affected by bacterial lipopolysaccharides (LPS) that induce acute inflammatory responses. The aim here was to use LPS treatments to investigate the potential oxidative stress and toxicity in primary cultures of adult rat Sertoli cells. The Sertoli cells were established and incubated with different concentrations of LPS (5, 10 or 20 microg/ml) for 6, 12 and 24h. Lipid peroxidation (LPO) and hydrogen peroxide (H(2)O(2)) production, along with superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione-S-transferase (GST), glutathione reductase (GR), reduced glutathione (GSH), lactate, lactic acid dehydrogenase (LDH), gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (gamma-GT) and beta-glucuronidase were measured in these cells. LPO as well as H(2)O(2) production were significantly increased while antioxidant enzyme activities and GSH concentration were significantly depressed. Effects were dose and time-dependent at all incubation periods with 10 and 20 microg/ml LPS. Moreover, markers of Sertoli cell function such as lactate production, LDH, gamma-GT and beta-glucuronidase activities were decreased in a time and dose-dependent manner. Incubation of Sertoli cells with 5 microg/ml LPS for 12 and 24h significantly increased oxidative status but significantly decreased the antioxidant enzyme activities, GSH concentration and Sertoli cell markers. In contrast, the oxidative and antioxidant status and markers of Sertoli cell function did not show any significant change in treated Sertoli cells with 5 microg/ml LPS for 6h. Therefore, it may be concluded that LPS induces oxidative stress in Sertoli cells and adversely affects Sertoli cell functions.", "26103185": "We have previously developed a retrospective 4D-MRI technique using body area as the respiratory surrogate, but generally, the reconstructed 4D MR images suffer from severe or mild artifacts mainly caused by irregular motion during image acquisition. Those image artifacts may potentially affect the accuracy of tumor target delineation or the shape representation of surrounding nontarget tissues and organs. So the purpose of this study is to propose an approach employing principal component analysis (PCA), combined with a linear polynomial fitting model, to remodel the displacement vector fields (DVFs) obtained from deformable image registration (DIR), with the main goal of reducing the motion artifacts in 4D MR images. Seven patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (2/7) or liver metastases (5/7) in the liver, as well as a patient with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), were enrolled in an IRB-approved prospective study. Both CT and MR simulations were performed for each patient for treatment planning. Multiple-slice, multiple-phase, cine-MRI images were acquired in the axial plane for 4D-MRI reconstruction. Single-slice 2D cine-MR images were acquired across the center of the tumor in axial, coronal, and sagittal planes. For a 4D MR image dataset, the DVFs in three orthogonal direction (inferior\u2013superior (SI), anterior\u2013posterior (AP), and medial\u2013lateral (ML)) relative to a specific reference phase were calculated using an in-house DIR algorithm. The DVFs were preprocessed in three temporal and spatial dimensions using a polynomial fitting model, with the goal of correcting the potential registration errors introduced by three-dimensional DIR. Then PCA was used to decompose each fitted DVF into a linear combination of three principal motion bases whose spanned subspaces combined with their projections had been validated to be sufficient to represent the regular respiratory motion. By wrapping the reference MR image using the remodeled DVFs, 'synthetic' MR images with reduced motion artifacts were generated at selected phase. Tumor motion trajectories derived from cine-MRI, 4D CT, original 4D MRI, and 'synthetic' 4D MRI were analyzed in the SI, AP, and ML directions, respectively. Their correlation coefficient (CC) and difference (D) in motion amplitude were calculated for comparison. Of all the patients, the means and standard deviations (SDs) of CC comparing 'synthetic' 4D MRI and cine-MRI were 0.98 \u00b1 0.01, 0.98 \u00b1 0.01, and 0.99 \u00b1 0.01 in SI, AP, and ML directions, respectively. The mean \u00b1 SD Ds were 0.59 \u00b1 0.09 mm, 0.29\u00b1 0.10 mm, and 0.15 \u00b1 0.05 mm in SI, AP and ML directions, respectively. The means and SDs of CC comparing 'synthetic' 4D MRI and 4D CT were 0.96 \u00b1 0.01, 0.95\u00b1 0.01, and 0.95 \u00b1 0.01 in SI, AP, and ML directions, respectively. The mean \u00b1 SD Ds were 0.76 \u00b1 0.20 mm, 0.33 \u00b1 0.14 mm, and 0.19\u00b1 0.07 mm in SI, AP, and ML directions, respectively. The means and SDs of CC comparing 'synthetic' 4D MRI and original 4D MRI were 0.98 \u00b1 0.01, 0.98\u00b1 0.01, and 0.97\u00b1 0.01 in SI, AP, and ML directions, respectively. The mean \u00b1 SD Ds were 0.58 \u00b1 0.10 mm, 0.30 \u00b1 0.09mm, and 0.17 \u00b1 0.04 mm in SI, AP, and ML directions, respectively. In this study we have proposed an approach employing PCA combined with a linear polynomial fitting model to capture the regular respiratory motion from a 4D MR image dataset. And its potential usefulness in reducing motion artifacts and improving image quality has been demonstrated by the preliminary results in oncological patients.", "22924694": "Pre-natal alcohol exposure causes fetal alcohol spectrum disorders (FASD), the most common, preventable cause of developmental disability. The developing cerebellum is particularly vulnerable to the effects of ethanol. We reported that ethanol inhibits the stimulation of axon outgrowth in cerebellar granule neurons (CGN) by NAP, an active motif of activity-dependent neuroprotective protein (ADNP), by blocking NAP activation of Fyn kinase and its downstream signaling molecule, the scaffolding protein Cas. Here, we asked whether ethanol inhibits the stimulation of axon outgrowth by diverse axon guidance molecules through a common action on the Src family kinases (SFK). We first demonstrated that netrin-1, glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), and neural cell adhesion molecule L1 stimulate axon outgrowth in CGNs by activating SFK, Cas, and extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1 and 2 (ERK1/2). The specific SFK inhibitor, PP2, blocked the stimulation of axon outgrowth and the activation of the SFK-Cas-ERK1/2 signaling pathway by each of these axon-guidance molecules. In contrast, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) stimulated axon outgrowth and activated ERK1/2 without first activating SFK or Cas. Clinically relevant concentrations of ethanol inhibited axon outgrowth and the activation of the SFK-Cas-ERK1/2 pathway by netrin-1, GDNF, and L1, but did not disrupt BDNF-induced axon outgrowth or ERK1/2 activation. These results indicate that SFK, but not ERK1/2, is a primary target for ethanol inhibition of axon outgrowth. The ability of ethanol to block the convergent activation of the SFK-Cas-ERK1/2 pathway by netrin-1, GDNF, L1, and ADNP could contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of FASD.", "10390935": "Eighteen laboratories from 10 European countries participated in a comparison organized as part of the VOCEM project, a 2.5-year research collaboration among 4 research institutes and 4 industrial companies. The scope of the project was to improve the procedure used to measure volatile organic compounds (VOC) emitted from building materials and products in small test chambers. The interlaboratory comparison included the GC-MS determination of 5 target compounds from carpet, 8 from polyvinyl chloride (PVC) cushion vinyl and 2 from paint; for the first time, chamber recovery (sinks), homogeneity of solid materials and possible contamination during transport were tested. The results show that the intralaboratory variance (random errors) is much smaller than the interlaboratory variance (systematic errors). Causes of the largest interlaboratory discrepancies were: (i) analytical errors; (ii) losses of the heaviest compounds due to sorption on the chamber walls; and (iii) non homogeneity of the materials. The output of this work concerns both the objective of labelling materials with regard to their VOC emissions and the pre-standard drafted by the European Commitee for Standardization (CEN) for this type of determination.", "9366938": "Prophylactic use of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, reduces the incidence of nausea and vomiting after breast surgery. This study was undertaken to determine the minimum effective dose of granisetron in the reduction of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in patients undergoing general anaesthesia for breast surgery.", "10890482": "To investigate whether dopexamine hydrochloride beneficially influences splanchnic perfusion and regulators of the macrocirculation and microcirculation in patients undergoing surgery of the abdominal aorta.", "22621620": "The difficulty in the induction and preparation of a large number of autologous tumor-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes (CTL) from individual patients is one of major problems in their application to adoptive immunotherapy. The present study tried to establish the useful antitumor effectors by using \u03b3\u03b4 T cells through tumor-specific TCR\u03b1\u03b2 genes transduction, and evaluated the efficacy of their adoptive transfer in a non-obese diabetic/severe combined immunodeficiency (NOD/SCID) mice model. The TCR\u03b1\u03b2 gene was cloned from the HLA-B15-restricted CTL clone specific of the Kita-Kyushu Lung Cancer antigen-1 (KK-LC-1). The cloned TCR\u03b1\u03b2 as well as the CD8 gene were transduced into \u03b3\u03b4 T cells induced from peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL). Cytotoxic T lymphocyte activity was examined using a standard 4 h (51) Cr release assay. Mice with a xenotransplanted tumor were treated with an injection of effector cells. Successful transduction of TCR\u03b1\u03b2 was confirmed by the staining of KK-LC-1-specific tetramers. The \u03b3\u03b4 T cells transduced with TCR\u03b1\u03b2 and CD8 showed CTL activity against the KK-LC-1-positive lung cancer cell line in a HLA B15-restricted manner. Adoptive transfer of the effector cells in a mice model resulted in marked growth suppression of KK-LC-1- and HLA-B15-positive xenotransplanted tumors. Co-transducing TCR\u03b1\u03b2 and CD8 into \u03b3\u03b4 T cells yielded the same antigen-specific activity as an original CTL in vitro and in vivo. The TCR\u03b1\u03b2 gene transduction into \u03b3\u03b4 T cells is a promising strategy for developing new adoptive immunotherapy.", "7941560": "Selenium, administered in various forms, is promoted as an immunostimulating agent. However, the relationship between selenium status of the organism and the immune system is particularly complex. Taking into account the results obtained from various animal models it is now difficult to find the site or sites of selenium action on the immune system. It is not known whether selenium exerts effect on all or only on selected stages of immune response. The survey of literature which includes in vast majority experiments on various animals, shows that selenium is an immunostimulating agent only under certain conditions and in adequate concentration. Further studies have to be performed before selenium in the form of selenium yeast or in another form is a recognized immunostimulator and could be accepted for medical practice.", "19754427": "The protein kinase Tpl2 (tumour progression locus 2) is activated by LPS (lipopolysaccharide), TNFalpha (tumour necrosis factor alpha) and IL (interleukin)-1. Activation of the native Tpl2 complex by these agonists requires the IKKbeta {IkappaB [inhibitor of NF-kappaB (nuclear factor kappaB)] kinase beta}-catalysed phosphorylation of the p105/NF-kappaB1 subunit and is accompanied by the release of the catalytic subunit from both p105/NF-kappaB1 and another subunit ABIN2 (A20-binding inhibitor of NF-kappaB 2). In the present study we report that IL-1 activates the transfected Tpl2 catalytic subunit in an HEK (human embryonic kidney)-293 cell line that stably expresses the IL-1R (IL-1 receptor), but does not express the protein kinase IRAK1 (IL-1R-associated kinase). In these cells IL-1 does not activate IKKbeta or induce the phosphorylation of p105/NF-kappaB1, and nor does the IKKbeta inhibitor PS1145 prevent the IL-1-induced activation of transfected Tpl2. However, the IL-1-stimulated activation of transfected Tpl2 in IRAK1-null cells or activation of the endogenous Tpl2 complex in IRAK1-expressing cells is suppressed by the protein kinase inhibitor PP2 by a mechanism that does not involve inhibition of Src family protein tyrosine kinases. The IL-1-stimulated activation of transfected Tpl2 is accompanied by its phosphorylation at Thr290 and Ser400 and by enhanced phosphorylation of Ser62, which we demonstrate are autophosphorylation events catalysed by Tpl2 itself. We further show that IL-1 triggers the dissociation of Tpl2 from co-transfected ABIN2 in IRAK1-null IL-1R cells, which is not suppressed by PP2 or by the inhibition of Tpl2 or IKKbeta. These studies identify two new signalling events involved in activation of the native Tpl2 complex by IL-1. First, the IRAK1-, IKKbeta- and PP2-independent dissociation of Tpl2 from ABIN2; secondly, the IRAK1- and IKKbeta-independent, but PP2-sensitive, activation of the Tpl2 catalytic subunit.", "21474762": "Being the victim of discrimination can have serious negative health- and quality-of-life-related consequences. Yet, could being discriminated against depend on such seemingly trivial matters as garbage on the streets? In this study, we show, in two field experiments, that disordered contexts (such as litter or a broken-up sidewalk and an abandoned bicycle) indeed promote stereotyping and discrimination in real-world situations and, in three lab experiments, that it is a heightened need for structure that mediates these effects (number of subjects: between 40 and 70 per experiment). These findings considerably advance our knowledge of the impact of the physical environment on stereotyping and discrimination and have clear policy implications: Diagnose environmental disorder early and intervene immediately.", "23358926": "Tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 (TRAF6), which plays an important role in inflammation and immune response, is an essential adaptor protein for the NF-\u03baB (nuclear factor \u03baB) signaling pathway. Recent studies have shown that TRAF6 played an important role in tumorigenesis and invasion by suppressing NF-\u03baB activation. However, up to now, the biologic role of TRAF6 in glioma has still remained unknown. To address the expression of TRAF6 in glioma cells, four glioma cell lines (U251, U-87MG, LN-18, and U373) and a non-cancerous human glial cell line SVG p12 were used to explore the protein expression of TRAF6 by Western blot. Our results indicated that TRAF6 expression was upregulated in human glioma cell lines, especially in metastatic cell lines. To investigate the role of TRAF6 in cell proliferation, apoptosis, invasion, and migration of glioma, we generated human glioma U-87MG cell lines in which TRAF6 was either overexpressed or depleted. Subsequently, the effects of TRAF6 on cell viability, cell cycle distribution, apoptosis, invasion, and migration in U-87MG cells were determined with 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl) 2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, flow cytometry analysis, transwell invasion assay, and wound-healing assay. The results showed that knockdown of TRAF6 could decrease cell viability, suppress cell proliferation, invasion and migration, and promote cell apoptosis, whereas overexpression of TRAF6 displayed the opposite effects. In addition, the effects of TRAF6 on the expression of phosphor-NF-\u03baB (p-p65), cyclin D1, caspase 3, and MMP-9 were also probed. Knockdown of TRAF6 could lower the expression of p-p65, cyclin D1, and MMP-9, and raise the expression of caspase 3. All these results suggested that TRAF6 might be involved in the potentiation of growth, proliferation, invasion, and migration of U-87MG cell, as well as inhibition of apoptosis of U-87MG cell by abrogating activation of NF-\u03baB.", "19819984": "An intractable problem impeding breast cancer treatment by the most frequently prescribed endocrine therapy tamoxifen is the inevitable development of resistance, and the molecular mechanisms underlying this loss of responsiveness by breast cancers have been under intense investigation but are not yet fully elucidated. Our recent reports demonstrated that the tumor suppressor heavily methylated in cancers 1 (HIC1) plays an essential role in growth suppression mediated by external stimuli. We report here that novel tumor suppressor HIC1 is required for growth suppression by estrogen antagonists in breast cancer cells. We also find that HIC1 expression is dramatically induced by exposure to estrogen antagonists in sensitive cells, via a c-Jun N-terminal kinase 1 (JNK1) and prohibitin-mediated signaling pathway. This induction is lost in spontaneously antagonist-resistant breast cancer cells. Furthermore, reintroducing HIC1 into resistant breast cancer cells restored their sensitivity to the estrogen antagonists, indicating the existence of a novel regulatory mechanism for growth control of breast cancer cells.", "26226136": "Technological advances now allow for multiplex platforms to simultaneously test many genetic conditions. Typically, such platforms are validated by assaying samples with known genotypes and/or phenotypes and/or with synthetic plasmids; however, these methods have limitations and with the inclusion of rarer diseases and mutations, we can no longer rely solely on them. We used a novel genomic database to validate an expanded genetic carrier screening platform.", "15609310": "Chemokines and chemokine receptors mediate lymphocyte migration and tissue localization. To analyze CCL5 (RANTES) expression by EBV-infected cells, we examined the expression of CCL5 in BL cell lines. Among 4 BL cell lines, those infected with EBV selectively expressed the CCL5 gene and secreted CCL5. Four cell lines also expressed CCR5, a receptor for CCL5. EBV-encoded LMP-1, a pleiotropic protein that effects gene expression, cell transformation, growth and death, induces expression of CCL5 mRNA and secretion of CCL5 in the EBV-negative BL cell line BJAB and the embryonic kidney cell line 293T. HDACI-stimulated endogenous LMP-1 also induced CCL5 expression in an EBV-positive BL cell line. Analysis of the CCL5 promoter revealed that it is activated by both LMP-1 C-terminal activation domains, CTAR-1 and CTAR-2, which can activate NF-kappaB signaling. Coexpression of IkappaBalpha, IkappaBbeta, IKKalpha, IKKbeta, NIK and TRAF2 dominant-negative constructs, with LMP-1 inhibited the activation of the CCL5 promoter by LMP-1, suggesting that LMP-1 induces CCL5 via NF-kappaB signaling. The NF-kappaB binding sites, R(A/B), located at positions -71 to -43 relative to the putative transcription start site in the CCL5 promoter, were essential for the activation of CCL5 gene expression by LMP-1. These results indicate that the activation of the NF-kappaB pathway by LMP-1 is required for the activation of CCL5 expression.", "12373472": "Elderly patients appear prone to develop overwhelming post-bypass inflammation and organ dysfunction. We assessed the effect of prophylactic administration of the phosphodiesterase III inhibitor enoximone on inflammation and organ function.", "17280485": "PR-39, a proline-arginine-rich angiogenic response peptide, has been implicated in myocardial ischemic reperfusion injury. The present study examined the cardioprotective abilities of PR39 gene therapy. Male C57Bl/J6 mice were randomized to intramyocardial injecton of 10(9) p.f.u. adenovirus encoding PR39 (PR39), FGFR1 dominant negative signaling construct (FGFR1-dn), empty vector (EV), or PR39 adenovirus plus 4 microg of plasmid endcoding a HIF1alpha dominant negative construct (PR39 + HIF1alpha-dn). Seven days later, hearts were subjected to 20 min of ischemia (I) and 2 h. reperfusion (R) ex vivo and aortic and coronary flow, left ventricular developed pressure (LVDP), and LVdp/dt were measured. Myocardial infarct (MI) size and cardiomyocyte apoptosis were measured by TTC staining and TUNEL, respectively. PR39 expression was robust up to 14 days after gene transfer and was absent after EV and FGFR1-dn. Hemodynamics showed no differences at baseline, and heart rate remained unchanged in all groups throughout the experiment. After I-R, hemodynamics remained unchanged in PR39 hearts, but deteriorated significantly in the other groups, except for aortic flow, which remained significantly higher in FGFR1-dn than in EV and PR39 + HIF1alpha-dn (p < 0.05), although it was lower than in PR39 (p < 0.05). MI was 8.7 +/- 0.9 % in PR39, 23.8 +/- 1.1% in FGFR1-dn, 29.9 +/- 2.2% in EV, and 30.8 +/- 2.7 % in PR39 + HIF1alpha-dn (PR39 vs. other groups: p < 0.05; FGFR1-dn vs. EV and PR39 + HIF1alpha-dn: p < 0.05). In PR39, HIF-1alpha protein was higher than in FGFR1-dn and EV. Importantly, cotransfection of HIF1alpha-dn with PR39 completely abolished cardioprotection by PR39. Cardioprotection by PR39 is likely conveyed by protective metabolic and survival responses through HIF1-alpha stabilization and not by angiogenesis, because baseline coronary flow was the same in all groups. Abrogation of FGFR1 signaling conveyed an intermediate degree of cardioprotection.", "23162342": "The purpose of the present study was to determine the prevalence and extent of gingival overgrowth in patients treated with calcium channel blockers for cardiovascular diseases.", "26889707": "Guided bone regeneration (GBR) scaffolds are unsuccessful in many clinical applications due to a high incidence of postoperative infection. The objective of this work is to fabricate GBR with an anti-infective electrospun scaffold by ornamenting segmented polyurethane (SPU) with two-dimensional Aloe vera wrapped mesoporous hydroxyapatite (Al-mHA) nanorods. The antimicrobial characteristic of the scaffold has been retrieved from the prepared Al-mHA frame with high aspect ratio (\u223c14.2) via biosynthesis route using Aloe vera (Aloe barbadensis miller) extract. The Al-mHA frame was introduced into an unprecedented SPU matrix (solution polymerized) based on combinatorial soft segments of poly(\u03b5-caprolactone) (PCL), poly(ethylene carbonate) (PEC), and poly(dimethylsiloxane) (PDMS), by an in situ technique followed by electrospinning to fabricate scaffolds. For comparison, pristine mHA nanorods are also ornamented into it. An enzymatic ring-opening polymerization technique was adapted to synthesize soft segment of (PCL-PEC-b-PDMS). Structure elucidation of the synthesized polymers is established by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Sparingly, Al-mHA ornamented scaffolds exhibit tremendous improvement (175%) in the mechanical properties with promising antimicrobial activity against various human pathogens. After confirmation of high osteoconductivity, improved biodegradation, and excellent biocompatibility against osteoblast-like MG63 cells (in vitro), the scaffolds were implanted in rabbits as an animal model by subcutaneous and intraosseous (tibial) sites. Improved in vivo biocompatibilities, biodegradation, osteoconductivity, and the ability to provide an adequate biomimetic environment for biomineralization for GBR of the scaffolds (SPU and ornamented SPUs) have been found from the various histological sections. Early cartilage formation, endochondral ossification, and rapid bone healing at 4 weeks were found in the defects filled with Al-mHA ornamented scaffold compared to pristine SPU scaffold. Organ toxicity studies further confirm the absence of appreciable tissue architecture abnormalities in the renal hepatic and cardiac tissue sections. The entire results of this study manifest the feasibility of fabricating a mechanically adequate tailored nanofibrous SPU scaffold based on combinatorial soft segments of PCL, PEC, and PDMS by a biomimetic approach and the advantages of an Aloe vera wrapped mHA frame in promoting osteoblast phenotype progression with microbial protection for potential GBR applications. ", "16174581": "To detect the possible presence of AI-2 quorum-sensing pathway and construct group B Streptococcus (GBS) mutants with deletion of LuxS gene related to quorum-sensing pathway.", "10825206": "Transcription of the type II collagen gene (Col2a1) is regulated by multiple cis-acting sites. The enhancer element, which is located in the first intron, is necessary for high-level and cartilage-specific expression of Col2a1. A mouse limb bud cDNA expression library was screened by the Saccharomyces cerevisiae one-hybrid screening method to identify protein factors bound to the enhancer. A zinc finger protein, alphaA-crystallin binding protein 1 (CRYBP1), which had been reported to bind to the mouse alphaA-crystallin gene promoter, was isolated. We herein demonstrate that CRYBP1 is involved in the negative regulation of Col2a1 enhancer activity. CRYBP1 mRNA expression was downregulated during chondrocyte differentiation in vitro. In situ hybridization analysis of developing mouse cartilage showed that CRYBP1 mRNA was also downregulated during mesenchymal condensation and that CRYBP1 mRNA was highly expressed by hypertrophic chondrocytes, but at very low levels by resting and proliferating chondrocytes. Expression of recombinant CRYBP1 in a transfected rat chondrosarcoma cell line inhibited Col2a1 enhancer activity. Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that CRYBP1 bound a specific sequence within the Col2a1 enhancer and inhibited the binding of Sox9, an activator for Col2a1, to the enhancer. Cotransfection of CRYBP1 with Sox9 into BALB/c 3T3 cells inhibited activation of the Col2a1 enhancer by Sox9. These results suggest a novel mechanism that negatively regulates cartilage-specific expression of Col2a1.", "12029431": "We determined the extent to which Australian patients with incurable cancer are informed of their prognosis and treatment options by their oncologists and are encouraged to participate in treatment decisions. To this end, 118 patients with incurable cancer presenting for an initial consultation with one of nine oncologists in two Sydney teaching hospitals were enrolled in the study. Consultations were audio-taped. We developed a coding system to assess the disclosure of information considered necessary to equip patients to make informed decisions and to evaluate doctor encouragement of patient participation in treatment decision-making. Patient recall, satisfaction, and anxiety and their perceptions of the decision-making process were assessed. Most patients were informed about the aim of cancer treatment (84.7%), that their disease was incurable (74.6%) and about life expectancy (57.6%); 44.1% were presented with an alternative to cancer treatments, such as supportive care, 36.3% were informed how anticancer treatment would affect quality of life, and 29.7% were offered a management choice. Patient understanding was checked in only 10% of consultations. While greater information disclosure did not appear to elevate anxiety levels, greater patient participation in the decision making process was associated with increased anxiety levels ( P=0.0005), which persisted over a 2-week time span. Most patients were well informed, but important gaps remain, especially concerning information about prognosis and alternatives to cancer treatment.", "2993656": "Differentiated, cloned rat thyroid epithelial cells (424 cells) were infected with a wild-type and a temperature-sensitive strain of the myeloproliferative variant of the Moloney murine sarcoma virus. The thyroid cells were productively infected and transformed by both virus strains and displayed some of the typical properties of malignant cells, such as morphological changes, growth in soft agar, and in vivo tumorigenicity. The acquisition of the transformed phenotype by the virus-infected cells was accompanied by a loss of the typical differentiated features of the thyroid epithelium, such as thyroglobulin (TG) secretion, iodide uptake, and dependence for growth on six factors including thyrotropin, the physiological thyroid stimulator. TG mRNA could not be demonstrated in cells transformed by both viral strains, suggesting a block at the level of the TG gene transcription. While the transformed state of the cell clones infected with the temperature-sensitive strain could be reverted by shifting the cultures to the temperature nonpermissive for transformation (39 degrees C), no reversion of the differentiated functions took place after such a shift, showing that the v-mos oncogene irreversibly shuts off the differentiation of thyroid epithelial cells in vitro. These results demonstrate, for the first time, an oncogenic potential of the v-mos oncogene family towards differentiated epithelial cells in vitro.", "12496384": "Using high sensitivity fluorescence imaging with shutter speeds approximately 600,000 times faster than those of video frames, we have characterized Ca2+ waves within cells in exquisite detail to reveal Ca2+ signaling routes. Polarized neutrophils exhibited a counterclockwise rotating ryanodine-sensitive juxtamembrane Ca2+ wave during temporal calcium spikes. During stimulation with fMLP, a chemotactic factor, two Ca2+ waves traveling in opposite directions around the perimeter of the cell emanated from sites of stimulation (the clockwise wave is verapamil sensitive). Phagocytosed targets exhibit counterclockwise Ca2+ waves traveling about their periphery originating from the plasma membrane. This study: 1) outlines the technology to observe Ca2+ signaling circuitry within small living cells; 2) shows that extracellular spatial information in the form of a chemotactic factor gradient is transduced into intracellular chemical patterns, which provides fresh insights in signaling; 3) suggests that a line of communication exits between the cell surface and phagosomes; and 4) suggests that spatiotemporal Ca2+ patterns contribute to drug actions.", "22162948": "Environmental factors and host genetics interact to control the gut microbiota, which may have a role in the development of obesity and insulin resistance. TLR2-deficient mice, under germ-free conditions, are protected from diet-induced insulin resistance. It is possible that the presence of gut microbiota could reverse the phenotype of an animal, inducing insulin resistance in an animal genetically determined to have increased insulin sensitivity, such as the TLR2 KO mice. In the present study, we investigated the influence of gut microbiota on metabolic parameters, glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity, and signaling of TLR2-deficient mice. We investigated the gut microbiota (by metagenomics), the metabolic characteristics, and insulin signaling in TLR2 knockout (KO) mice in a non-germ free facility. Results showed that the loss of TLR2 in conventionalized mice results in a phenotype reminiscent of metabolic syndrome, characterized by differences in the gut microbiota, with a 3-fold increase in Firmicutes and a slight increase in Bacteroidetes compared with controls. These changes in gut microbiota were accompanied by an increase in LPS absorption, subclinical inflammation, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and later, obesity. In addition, this sequence of events was reproduced in WT mice by microbiota transplantation and was also reversed by antibiotics. At the molecular level the mechanism was unique, with activation of TLR4 associated with ER stress and JNK activation, but no activation of the IKK\u03b2-I\u03baB-NF\u03baB pathway. Our data also showed that in TLR2 KO mice there was a reduction in regulatory T cell in visceral fat, suggesting that this modulation may also contribute to the insulin resistance of these animals. Our results emphasize the role of microbiota in the complex network of molecular and cellular interactions that link genotype to phenotype and have potential implications for common human disorders involving obesity, diabetes, and even other immunological disorders.", "18165258": "Diabetic retinopathy, a retinal vascular disease, is inhibited in animals treated with aminoguanidine, an inhibitor of inducible nitric-oxide synthase. This treatment also reduces retinal protein nitration, which is greater in diabetic rat retina than nondiabetic retina. As an approach to understanding the molecular mechanisms of diabetic retinopathy, we sought the identity of nitrotyrosine-containing proteins in retina from streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and in a rat retinal M\u00fcller cell line grown in high glucose (25 mM). Anti-nitrotyrosine immunoprecipitation products from rat retina and M\u00fcller cells were analyzed by LC-MS/MS. Ten nitrated proteins in diabetic rat retina and three nitrated proteins in M\u00fcller cells grown in high glucose were identified; three additional nitrotyrosine-containing proteins were tentatively identified from diabetic retina. The identified nitrotyrosine-containing proteins participate in a variety of processes including glucose metabolism, signal transduction, and transcription/translation. Among the nitrated proteins were insulin-responsive glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT-4), which has been implicated previously in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus; exocyst complex component Exo70, which functions in insulin-stimulated glucose uptake of GLUT-4-containing vesicles; and fibroblast growth factor receptor 2, which influences retinal vascularization via fibroblast growth factor signaling. Nitration of tyrosine phosphorylation sites were identified in five proteins, including GLUT-4, exocyst complex component Exo70, protein-tyrosine phosphatase eta, sensory neuron synuclein, and inositol trisphosphate receptor 3. Quantitation of nitration and phosphorylation at common tyrosine modification sites in GLUT-4 and protein-tyrosine phosphatase eta from diabetic and nondiabetic animals suggests that nitration reduced tyrosine phosphorylation approximately 2X in these proteins from diabetic retina. The present results provide new insights regarding tyrosine nitration and its potential role in the molecular mechanisms of diabetic retinopathy.", "22318606": "First identified as histone-modifying proteins, lysine acetyltransferases (KATs) and deacetylases (KDACs) antagonize each other through modification of the side chains of lysine residues in histone proteins. Acetylation of many non-histone proteins involved in chromatin, metabolism or cytoskeleton regulation were further identified in eukaryotic organisms, but the corresponding enzymes and substrate-specific functions of the modifications are unclear. Moreover, mechanisms underlying functional specificity of individual KDACs remain enigmatic, and the substrate spectra of each KDAC lack comprehensive definition. Here we dissect the functional specificity of 12 critical human KDACs using a genome-wide synthetic lethality screen in cultured human cells. The genetic interaction profiles revealed enzyme-substrate relationships between individual KDACs and many important substrates governing a wide array of biological processes including metabolism, development and cell cycle progression. We further confirmed that acetylation and deacetylation of the catalytic subunit of the adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a critical cellular energy-sensing protein kinase complex, is controlled by the opposing catalytic activities of HDAC1 and p300. Deacetylation of AMPK enhances physical interaction with the upstream kinase LKB1, leading to AMPK phosphorylation and activation, and resulting in lipid breakdown in human liver cells. These findings provide new insights into previously underappreciated metabolic regulatory roles of HDAC1 in coordinating nutrient availability and cellular responses upstream of AMPK, and demonstrate the importance of high-throughput genetic interaction profiling to elucidate functional specificity and critical substrates of individual human KDACs potentially valuable for therapeutic applications.", "17057710": "Using in vitro drug sensitivity data coupled with Affymetrix microarray data, we developed gene expression signatures that predict sensitivity to individual chemotherapeutic drugs. Each signature was validated with response data from an independent set of cell line studies. We further show that many of these signatures can accurately predict clinical response in individuals treated with these drugs. Notably, signatures developed to predict response to individual agents, when combined, could also predict response to multidrug regimens. Finally, we integrated the chemotherapy response signatures with signatures of oncogenic pathway deregulation to identify new therapeutic strategies that make use of all available drugs. The development of gene expression profiles that can predict response to commonly used cytotoxic agents provides opportunities to better use these drugs, including using them in combination with existing targeted therapies.", "25136662": "Depth estimation becomes the key technology to resolve the communications of the stereo vision. We can get the real-time depth map based on hardware, which cannot implement complicated algorithm as software, because there are some restrictions in the hardware structure. Eventually, some wrong stereo matching will inevitably exist in the process of depth estimation by hardware, such as FPGA. In order to solve the problem a postprocessing function is designed in this paper. After matching cost unique test, the both left-right and right-left consistency check solutions are implemented, respectively; then, the cavities in depth maps can be filled by right depth values on the basis of right-left consistency check solution. The results in the experiments have shown that the depth map extraction and postprocessing function can be implemented in real time in the same system; what is more, the quality of the depth maps is satisfactory. ", "15240731": "We present a novel immunotherapeutic strategy using a human B7-DC cross-linking Ab that prevents lung inflammation, airway obstruction, and hyperreactivity to allergen in a mouse model of allergic inflammatory airway disease. Dendritic cells (DC) have the ability to skew the immune response toward a Th1 or Th2 polarity. The sHIgM12 Ab functions in vitro by cross-linking the costimulatory family molecule B7-DC (PD-L2) on DC up-regulating IL-12 production, homing to lymph nodes, and T cell-activating potential of these APCs. Using chicken OVA as a model Ag, the administration of sHIgM12 Ab to BALB/c mice blocked lung inflammation, airway pathology, and responsiveness to methacholine, even after animals were presensitized and a Th2-polarized immune response was established. This therapeutic strategy was ineffective in STAT4-deficient animals, indicating that IL-12 production is critical in this system. Moreover, the polarity of the immune response upon in vitro restimulation with Ag is changed in wild-type mice, with a resulting decrease in Th2 cytokines IL-4 and IL-5 and an increase in the immunoregulatory cytokine IL-10. These studies demonstrate that the immune response of hypersensitized responders can be modulated using B7-DC cross-linking Abs, preventing allergic airway disease upon re-exposure to allergen.", "22023718": "An aquifer system, when perturbed, has a tendency to evolve to a new equilibrium, a process that can take from just a few seconds to possibly millions of years. The time scale on which a system adjusts to a new equilibrium is often referred to as \"response time\" or \"lag time.\" Because groundwater response time affects the physical and economic viability of various management options in a basin, natural resource managers are increasingly interested in incorporating it into policy. However, the processes of how groundwater responds to land-use change are not well understood, making it difficult to predict the timing of groundwater response to such change. The difficulty in estimating groundwater response time is further compounded because the data needed to quantify this process are not usually readily available. This article synthesizes disparate pieces of information on aquifer response times into a relatively brief but hopefully comprehensive review that the community of water professionals can use to better assess the impact of aquifer response time in future groundwater management investigations. A brief exposition on dimensional/scaling analysis is presented first, followed by an overview of aquifer response time for simplified aquifer systems. The aquifer response time is considered first from a water-quantity viewpoint and later expanded to incorporate groundwater age and water-quality aspects. Monitoring programs today, as well as water policies and regulations, should address this issue of aquifer response time so that more realistic management expectations can be reached.", "7925305": "How cancer cells become resistant to chemotherapy is not completely understood, but it is believed that resistance is usually associated with overexpression of drug resistance genes. Drug resistance mediated by the MDR-1 gene is the first well characterized form of drug resistance in human cancer. MDR-1 encodes a phosphoglycoprotein, P-GP, that serves as an energy-dependent drug efflux pump, reducing intracellular drug accumulation and thereby cytotoxicity. We have used ribozymes to reverse the multiple drug resistance phenotype. A hammerhead ribozyme recognizing the GUC sequence at position -6 to -4 close to the translation start site of the 4.5 kb MDR-1 mRNA was prepared by in vitro transcription (MDR-1-RZiv) or chemical synthesis (MDR-1-RZs). Both MDR-1-RZiv and MDR-1-RZs specifically cleaved the MDR-1 mRNA into two parts of the expected size under physiological conditions in an extracellular system with MDR-1-RZiv being more effective. Site-specific cleavage was dependent on time, temperature and [MgCl2]. To examine the in vivo potential of MDR-1-RZ, MDR-1-RZiv and MDR-1-RZs were transfected into a human pleural mesothelioma cell line and into one adriamycin-resistant and one vindesine-resistant subline thereof by liposome-mediated transfer. Incorporation of ribozymes resulted in significantly reduced expression of the MDR-1 gene, with MDR-1-RZs being more potent than MDR-1-RZiv in vitro. MDR-1-RZ reduces P-GP overexpression at the protein level. Liposome-mediated transfer of MDR-1-RZiv or MDR-1-RZs reversed the multiple drug resistance phenotype and restored sensitivity towards chemotherapeutic drugs.", "15855163": "Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2)-mediated prostaglandin synthesis has recently been implicated in human cholangiocarcinogenesis. This study was designed to examine the mechanisms by which COX-2-derived prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) regulates cholangiocarcinoma cell growth and invasion. Immunohistochemical analysis revealed elevated expression of COX-2 and the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor (EGFR) in human cholangiocarcinoma tissues. Overexpression of COX-2 in a human cholangiocarcinoma cell line (CCLP1) increased tumor cell growth and invasion in vitro and in severe combined immunodeficient mice. Overexpression of COX-2 or treatment with PGE2 or the EP1 receptor agonist ONO-DI-004 induced phosphorylation of EGFR and enhanced tumor cell proliferation and invasion, which were inhibited by the EP1 receptor small interfering RNA or antagonist ONO-8711. Treatment of CCLP1 cells with PGE2 or ONO-DI-004 enhanced binding of EGFR to the EP1 receptor and c-Src. Furthermore, PGE2 or ONO-DI-004 treatment also increased Akt phosphorylation, which was blocked by the EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors AG 1478 and PD 153035. These findings reveal that the EP1 receptor transactivated EGFR, thus activating Akt. On the other hand, activation of EGFR by its cognate ligand (EGF) increased COX-2 expression and PGE2 production, whereas blocking PGE2 synthesis or the EP1 receptor inhibited EGF-induced EGFR phosphorylation. This study reveals a novel cross-talk between the EP1 receptor and EGFR signaling that synergistically promotes cancer cell growth and invasion.", "7687746": "Expression of the oncogenic protein tyrosine kinase p60v-src in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae has been shown to result in rapid cell death (J. S. Brugge, G. Jarosik, J. Andersen, A. Queral-Lustig, M. Fedor-Chaiken, and J. R. Broach, Mol. Cell. Biol. 7:2180-2187, 1987). Work described here demonstrates that v-Src expression results in accumulation of large-budded cells and a nuclear division block without blocking cytokinesis. Flow-cytometric analysis indicates that the DNA content of these cells is elevated beyond the G2 DNA content, and genetic studies indicate that v-Src expression causes aneuploidy. The activity of Cdc28 kinase, which controls the G1/S and G2/M transitions in S. cerevisiae, increases during galactose induction in a Src+ strain but not in an isogenic Src- strain. These observations indicate that v-Src expression disrupts p34CDC28 kinase regulation, allowing DNA replication to proceed in the absence of a prior mitotic event.", "18771528": "Clinical trials for treatment of adult T-cell leukemia (ATL) caused by human T-cell leukemia virus type I (HTLV-I) using all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA) have shown satisfactory therapeutic responses, although efficacies were limited. Recently, many synthetic retinoids have been developed and among them, a novel synthetic retinoid, Am80 (Tamibarotene) is an RARalpha- and RARbeta-specific retinoid expected to overcome ATRA resistance. The present study examined the inhibitory effects of Am80 on HTLV-I-infected T-cell lines and ATL cells. Am80 had negligible growth inhibition of peripheral blood mononuclear cells but marked growth inhibition of both HTLV-I-infected T-cell lines and ATL cells. Am80 arrested cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle and induced apoptosis in HTLV-I-infected T-cell lines. It inhibited also the phosphorylation of IkappaBalpha and NF-kappaB-DNA binding, in conjunction with reduction of expression of proteins involved in the G1/S cell cycle transition and apoptosis. Am80 also inhibited the expression of JunD, resulting in suppression of AP-1-DNA binding. Furthermore, severe combined immunodeficient mice with tumors induced by subcutaneous inoculation of HTLV-I-infected T cells, responded to Am80 treatment with partial regression of tumors and no side-effects. These findings demonstrate that Am80 is a potential inhibitor of NF-kappaB and AP-1, and is a potentially useful therapeutic agent against ATL.", "20696651": "Demographic household surveys in Nepal between 1996 and 2006 indicate potentially large decreases in the pregnancy-related mortality ratio and raise hopes that Nepal may be on track to meet Millennium Development Goal 5. Between 2002 and 2006, 23,478 pregnant women in Sarlahi District, Nepal, were followed through pregnancy to 42 days postpartum. The pregnancy-related mortality ratio (PRMR) was estimated directly, comparing deaths among women during pregnancy or within 42 days of pregnancy termination to livebirths. In a separate household survey, 13,319 married females reported on the pregnancy history of 28,829 sisters, allowing for a concurrent comparison of estimation methodologies. In the prospective study, there were 121 pregnancy-related deaths and 23,662 livebirths (PRMR = 511, 95% confidence interval: 425, 611). In the household survey, participants reported 396 deaths among sisters, 87 (22.0%) of which were pregnancy related, and 116,491 person-years of exposure (PRMR = 529, 95% confidence interval: 419, 638). Two independent estimates collected with different methods in the same geographic area over similar time periods resulted in similarly high estimates of mortality that are approximately twice the current national estimate. Access to life-saving maternal health interventions remains low in rural Nepal, and continued efforts are necessary to ensure equitable and country-wide progress toward Millennium Development Goal 5.", "26553932": "Division site positioning is critical for both symmetric and asymmetric cell divisions. In many organisms, positive and negative signals cooperate to position the contractile actin ring for cytokinesis. In rod-shaped fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe cells, division at midcell is achieved through positive Mid1/anillin-dependent signaling emanating from the central nucleus and negative signals from the dual-specificity tyrosine phosphorylation-regulated kinase family kinase Pom1 at the cell poles. In this study, we show that Pom1 directly phosphorylates the F-BAR protein Cdc15, a central component of the cytokinetic ring. Pom1-dependent phosphorylation blocks Cdc15 binding to paxillin Pxl1 and C2 domain protein Fic1 and enhances Cdc15 dynamics. This promotes ring sliding from cell poles, which prevents septum assembly at the ends of cells with a displaced nucleus or lacking Mid1. Pom1 also slows down ring constriction. These results indicate that a strong negative signal from the Pom1 kinase at cell poles converts Cdc15 to its closed state, destabilizes the actomyosin ring, and thus promotes medial septation.", "23866960": "Kombucha, a fermented tea (KT) is claimed to possess many beneficial properties. The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical and histopathological alterations of Kombucha tea and Nitrofurazone on cutaneous full-thickness wounds healing in rat.", "17264214": "Heterotrimeric G proteins are molecular switches that relay information intracellularly in response to various extracellular signals. How ligand-activated G protein-coupled receptors act at a distance to exert exchange activity on the Galpha nucleotide binding pocket is poorly understood. Here we describe the synergistic action of two peptides: one from the third intracellular loop of the D2 dopamine receptor (D2N), and a second, Galpha.GDP-binding peptide (KB-752) that mimics the proposed role of Gbetagamma in receptor-promoted nucleotide exchange. The structure of both peptides in complex with Galpha(i1) suggests that conformational changes in the beta3/alpha2 loop and beta6 strand act in concert for efficient nucleotide exchange. Two key residues in the alpha4 helix were found to define a receptor/Galpha(i) coupling specificity determinant.", "15076954": "To determine the safety and efficacy of small interfering RNA (siRNA) directed against vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in a nonhuman primate model of laser-induced choroidal neovascularization (CNV).", "2174558": "Immunoblotting, ultrastructural immunocytochemistry, and tritiated saxitoxin ([3H]STX) binding experiments were used to study sodium channel localization in Schwann cells. Polyclonal antibody 7493, which is directed against purified sodium channels from rat brain, specifically recognizes a 260-kDa protein corresponding to the alpha subunit of the sodium channel in immunoblots of crude glycoproteins from rat sciatic nerve. Electron microscopic localization of sodium channel immunoreactivity within adult rat sciatic nerves reveals heavy staining of the axon membrane at the node of Ranvier, in contrast to the internodal axon membrane, which does not stain. Schwann cells including perinodal processes also exhibit antibody 7493 immunoreactivity, localized within both the cytoplasm and the plasmalemma of the Schwann cell. To examine further the possibility that sodium channels are localized within Schwann cell cytoplasm, [3H]STX binding was studied in cultured rabbit Schwann cells, both intact and after homogenization. Saturable binding of STX was significantly higher in homogenized Schwann cells (410 +/- 37 fmol/mg of protein) than in intact Schwann cells (214 +/- 21 fmol/mg of protein). Moreover, the equilibrium dissociation constant was higher for homogenized preparations (1.77 +/- 0.37 nM) than for intact Schwann cells (1.06 +/- 0.29 nM). These data suggest the presence of an intracellular pool of sodium channels or channel precursors in Schwann cells.", "19050079": "Gene expression profiles provide an opportunity to dissect the heterogeneity of solid tumors, including colon cancer, to improve prognosis and predict response to therapies. Bayesian binary regression methods were used to generate a signature of disease recurrence in patients with resected early stage colon cancer validated in an independent cohort. A 50-gene signature was developed that effectively distinguished early stage colon cancer patients with a low or high risk of disease recurrence. RT-PCR analysis of the 50-gene signature validated 9 of the top 10 differentially expressed genes. When applied to two independent validation cohorts of 55 and 73 patients, the 50-gene model accurately predicted recurrence. Standard Kaplan-Meier survival analysis confirmed the prognostic accuracy (P < 0.01, log rank), as did multivariate Cox proportional hazard models. We tested potential targeted therapeutic options for patients at high risk for disease recurrence and found a clinically important relationship between sensitivity to celecoxib, LY-294002 (PI3kinase inhibitor), retinol, and sulindac in colon cancer cell lines expressing the poor prognostic phenotype (P < 0.01, t test), which performed better than standard chemotherapy (5-FU and oxaliplatin). We present a genomic strategy in early stage colon cancer to identify patients at highest risk of recurrence. An ability to move beyond current staging by refining the estimation of prognosis in early stage colon cancer also has implications for individualized therapy.", "10317408": "The performance of certain surgical procedures in the ambulatory surgery setting has shown that high quality care and substantial cost savings are achievable. This article provides an overview of the concept. Further, it reviews studies of patient safety and quality control, patient and professional acceptance, and the impact on cost and efficiency in ambulatory care. While procedures of a serious nature should continue to be performed in the hospital, the ambulatory setting offers a viable alternative for procedures of less complexity.", "21294695": "Raloxifene, a non-steroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), offers a new dimension for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis and risk reduction of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal populations at high risk. Both osteoporosis and breast cancer are important public health issues for postmenopausal women. It is well known that estrogen and estrogen receptors play an important role in the pathogenesis of both diseases. Initially, hormone replacement therapy (HRT) was used for the purpose of preventing and treating postmenopausal osteoporosis. However, HRT significantly contributed to an increase in breast cancer risk. The SERM, raloxifene, is used for the prevention and for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis and reducing the risk of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women.", "17911405": "Although previous studies have shown that a mixture of fatty acids in similar proportion to that found in human plasma triggers apoptosis of peripheral blood lymphocytes from healthy subjects, the mechanism involved remains unknown. In the present study, we examined whether the effect of a mixture of fatty acids upon human lymphocyte death involves cytochrome c release from the mitochondria, activation of caspases 3, 6, 8, and 9, production of superoxide anion, nitric oxide (NO), increase in cytosolic Ca(2+) levels, and expression of the anti-apoptotic 14-3-3 and the pro-apoptotic FasL, bad, and bid proteins. Peripheral blood lymphocytes from healthy subjects were isolated and treated for up to 48 h with increasing concentrations (0.1-0.4 mM) of the fatty acid mixture. Cells were then harvested and thecytochromec release from mitochondrial intermembrane space into cytosol and expression of anti- and pro-apoptotic proteins were investigated by western blot analysis. Activities of caspases 3, 6, 8, and 9 were determined using spectrofluorometric assays. NO production was monitored using DAF-2-FM probe. Cytosolic free calcium concentration ([Ca(2+)](i)) was determined using the fluorescent probe Fura-2-AM. Superoxide anion was assayed using lucigenin and dihydroethidine assays. Lymphocytes treated for 24 h with the fatty acid mixture presented increased cytochrome c release from mitochondria as compared with control lymphocytes without treatment. Activities of caspases 3, 6, and 9 were increased by 146, 22 and 35% respectively by the treatment with 0.4 mM concentration of the fatty acid mixture for 24 h. The expression of bid protein was significantly increased in lymphocytes by 40% at 0.2 mM and by 80% at 0.4 mM fatty acid concentration, whereas FasL, 14-3-3 and bad proteins were not affected by the treatment. Intracellular calcium concentration was increased in a dose-dependent manner after 30 min of fatty acid treatment and addition of BSA (0.2%) abolished this increase. Production of NO and superoxide anion was also increased by the fatty acid mixture and BSA loaded in the culture medium prevented this increase. In conclusion, fatty acids induced apoptosis of human lymphocytes by a mechanism that involved cytochrome c release from mitochondria, activation of the caspase cascade, and increase of bid protein content, superoxide and NO production, and of cytosolic calcium concentration.", "23641911": "Inhibition of angiogenesis can attenuate tumor growth. Hence, mathematical modeling of tumor-induced angiogenesis can be a tool for predicting outcome of angiogenesis inhibitors. We have generated a two-dimensional cornea model of angiogenesis and have tested the effectiveness of the inhibitor through testing representative examples. The effects of thrombospondin and the way it interacts in the cornea with the endothelial cells and tumor angiogenic factors were examined. We were then able to define the inhibitor's role specific to our benchmark model. Finally, a thorough sensitivity analysis was performed to verify baseline values and determine the precise effects of the different parameters. Our findings can be used to design strategies involving manufacturing inhibitors to regulate the angiogenesis process.", "18452082": "Beta-aescin, a natural triterpenoid saponin isolated from the seed of Chinese horse chestnut (Aesculus chinensis), is known to generate a wide variety of biochemical and pharmacological effects. In the present study, the authors investigated the anti-proliferative and apoptotic effects of beta-aescin in human chronic myeloid leukemia K562 cell line in vitro. The anti-proliferative effects were detected by CFU-K562 colony formation and cell viability assay. The apoptotic effects were analysed by morphological analysis, annexin V assay, DNA fragmentation assay and flow cytometry DNA content analysis. The results showed that beta-aescin exhibited potent dose- and time-dependent anti-proliferative effects in K562 cells. Morphological evidence of apoptosis, a significant increase of annexin V+ and PI- cells (early apoptotic) and apoptotic DNA fragmentation, were observed in cells treated with beta-aescin. Flow cytometry analysis revealed that beta-aescin could lead to an accumulation of sub G1 population in K562 cells, and suggesting a potential G1 phase accumulation in cell cycle profile of K562 cells. Our findings revealed that beta-aescin is a potent natural inhibitor of proliferation and inducer of apoptosis in K562 cells, and beta-aescin may be a candidate lead compound to explore potential antileukemia drugs.", "10833523": "We previously demonstrated that a caveolin-chaperone complex transports newly synthesized cholesterol from the endoplasmic reticulum through the cytoplasm to caveolae. Caveolin-1 has a 33-amino acid hydrophobic domain and three sites of palmitoylation in proximity to the hydrophobic domain. In the present study, we hypothesized that palmitoylation of caveolin-1 is necessary for binding of cholesterol, formation of a caveolin-chaperone transport complex, and rapid, direct transport of cholesterol to caveolae. To test this hypothesis, four caveolin-1 constructs were generated that substituted an alanine for a cysteine at position 133, 143, or 156 or all three sites (triple mutant). These mutated caveolins and wild type caveolin-1 were stably expressed in the lymphoid cell line, L1210-JF, which does not express caveolin-1, does not form a caveolin-chaperone complex, and does not transport newly synthesized cholesterol to caveolae. All of the caveolins were expressed and the proteins localized to plasma membrane caveolae. Wild type caveolin-1 and mutant 133 assembled into complete transport complexes and rapidly (10-20 min) transported cholesterol to caveolae. Caveolin mutants 143 and 156 did not assemble into complete transport complexes, weakly associated with cholesterol, and transported small amounts of cholesterol to caveolae. The triple mutant did not assemble into complete transport complexes and did not associate with cholesterol. We conclude that palmitoylation of caveolin-1 at positions 143 and 156 is required for cholesterol binding and transport complex formation.", "25054836": "Select cases of intractable obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) have undergone neurosurgical ablation for more than half a century. However, to our knowledge, there have been no randomized clinical trials of such procedures for the treatment of any psychiatric disorder.", "9924225": "We have evaluated the efficacy and safety of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type-3 receptor antagonist, for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in women undergoing thyroidectomy. In a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study, 100 ASA I patients, aged 30-57 yr, received placebo or granisetron at three different doses (20, 40 or 100 micrograms kg-1) (n = 25 each), i.v., immediately before induction of anaesthesia. A standard general anaesthetic technique was used. A complete response, defined as no PONV and no need for another rescue antiemetic during the first 3 h after anaesthesia, was seen in 36%, 44%, 92% and 92% of patients who received placebo, granisetron 20 micrograms kg-1, 40 micrograms kg-1 and 100 micrograms kg-1, respectively; corresponding values during the next 21 h after anaesthesia were 40%, 44%, 88%, and 88% (P < 0.05; overall Fisher's exact probability test). There were no clinically important adverse events in any group. We conclude that granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 was an effective antiemetic for the prevention of PONV after thyroidectomy. Increasing the dose to 100 micrograms kg-1 provided no further benefit.", "22318734": "Dysferlin is a transmembrane protein implicated in surface membrane repair of muscle cells. Mutations in dysferlin cause the progressive muscular dystrophies Miyoshi myopathy, limb girdle muscular dystrophy 2B, and distal anterior compartment myopathy. Dysferlinopathies are inherited in an autosomal recessive manner, and many patients with this disease harbor mis-sense mutations in at least one of their two pathogenic DYSF alleles. These patients have significantly reduced or absent dysferlin levels in skeletal muscle, suggesting that dysferlin encoded by mis-sense alleles is rapidly degraded by the cellular quality control system. We reasoned that mis-sense mutated dysferlin, if salvaged from degradation, might be biologically functional. We used a dysferlin-deficient human myoblast culture harboring the common R555W mis-sense allele and a DYSF-null allele, as well as control human myoblast cultures harboring either two wild-type or two null alleles. We measured dysferlin protein and mRNA levels, resealing kinetics of laser-induced plasmalemmal wounds, myotube formation, and cellular viability after treatment of the human myoblast cultures with the proteasome inhibitors lactacystin or bortezomib (Velcade). We show that endogenous R555W mis-sense mutated dysferlin is degraded by the proteasomal system. Inhibition of the proteasome by lactacystin or Velcade increases the levels of R555W mis-sense mutated dysferlin. This salvaged protein is functional as it restores plasma membrane resealing in patient-derived myoblasts and reverses their deficit in myotube formation. Bortezomib and lactacystin did not cause cellular toxicity at the regimen used. Our results raise the possibility that inhibition of the degradation pathway of mis-sense mutated dysferlin could be used as a therapeutic strategy for patients harboring certain dysferlin mis-sense mutations.", "23106158": "Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) is a global health concern, which had been detected in food and food production animals. Conventional testing for detection of MRSA takes 3 to 5 d to yield complete information of the organism and its antibiotic sensitivity pattern. So, a rapid method is needed to diagnose and treat the MRSA infections. The present study focused on the development of a multiplex PCR assay for the rapid and sensitive detection of MRSA. The assay simultaneously detected 4 genes, namely, 16S rRNA of the Staphylococcus genus, femA of S. aureus, mecA that encodes methicillin resistance, and one internal control. It was rapid and yielded results within 4 h. The analytical sensitivity and specificity of the multiplex PCR assay was evaluated by comparing it with the conventional method. The analytical sensitivity of the multiplex PCR assay at the DNA level was 10 ng DNA. The analytical specificity was evaluated with 10 reference staphylococci strains and was 100%. The diagnostic evaluation of MRSA was carried out using 360 foodborne staphylococci isolates, and showed 99.1% of specificity, 96.4% of sensitivity, 97.5% of positive predictive value, and 97.3% of negative predictive value compared to the conventional method. The inclusion of an internal control in the multiplex PCR assay is important to exclude false-negative cases. This test can be used as an effective diagnostic and surveillance tool to investigate the spread and emergence of MRSA.", "23350937": "WHAT'S KNOWN ON THE SUBJECT? AND WHAT DOES THE STUDY ADD?: Little is known as to the potential for over-treatment of young men diagnosed with prostate cancer. We show that for men aged \u226455 years with PSA screen-detected disease, 45% of the tumours are classified as very low risk and 85% of these have favourable pathology, yet most are actively treated. These findings raise the spectre of over-treatment for a group of men likely to be affected by treatment side-effects.", "16207520": "Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are a family of enzymes whose main function is degradation of the extracellular matrix. Matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MMP-1) degrades type I procollagen constituting the major structural component of the basement membrane and extra cellular membrane. The enzymatic activity is found to be elevated in photoaging. With the aim of finding novel MMP-1 inhibitors from natural products, 15 extracts of the Viola taxa, which are used as prescriptions for skin eruption treatment in traditional medicine, were screened for their inhibitory activities towards MMP-1. Among the 15 tested materials, the methanol extracts of Viola hondoensis W. BECKER et H. BOISS, Viola ibukiana MAKINO, Viola lactiflora NAKAI and Viola verecunda A. GRAY were potential inhibitory to MMP-1, and other Viola taxa showed a weak inhibitory effect at a concentration of 100 microg/ml. We investigated the effect of MMP-1 inhibitory of the solvent fractions of the same plants (Viola hondoensis, Viola ibukiana and Viola verecunda). Therefore, a strong inhibition was found in the ethylacetate fractions of Viola verecunda with inhibitory activity (>90%) at a concentration of 10 microg/ml. Here we investigated the effect of sativan isolated from the ethylacetate fractions of Viola verecunda on the expression of MMPs in UV-irradiated human skin fibroblasts in vitro. Sativan markedly reduced UV-induced MMP-1 expression at the protein levels in a dose-dependent manner. Our report is the first description for the ability of sativan to regulate UV-induced MMP-1 expression.", "17903274": "Genetically engineered neural stem cell (NSC) lines are promising vectors for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, particularly Parkinson's disease (PD). Neurturin (NTN), a member of the glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) family, has been demonstrated to act specifically on mesencephalic dopaminergic neurons, suggesting its therapeutic potential for PD. In our previous work, we demonstrated that NTN-overexpressing c17.2 NSCs exerted dopaminergic neuroprotection in a rat model of PD. In this study, we transplanted NTN-c17.2 into the striatum of the 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) PD model to further determine the regenerative effect of NTN-c17.2 on the rat models of PD.", "23113397": "New tools from the web are a complete breakthrough in management of information. The aim of this paper is to present different resources in a friendly way, with apps and examples in the different phases of the knowledge management for the paediatric surgeon: search, filter, reception, classification, sharing, collaborative work and publication. We are assisting to a real revolution on how to manage knowledge and information. The main charateristics are: immediateness, social component, growing interaction, and easiness. Every physician has clinical questions and the Internet gives us more and more resources to make searchs easier. Along with them we need electronic resources to filter information of quality and to make easier transfer of knowledge to clinical practice. Cloud computing is on continuous development and makes possible sharing information with differents users and computers. The main feature of the apps from the Intenet is the social component, that makes possible interaction, sharing and collaborative work.", "19941073": "Epithelial cellular adhesion molecule (EpCAM) is an attractive immunotherapeutic target to overcome metastasis of a variety of epithelium-oriented cancers. Edrecolomab, one kind of EpCAM monoclonal antibody (Panorex), has been approved for clinical application as postoperative adjuvant therapy in breast and colorectal cancer. However, the role of EpCAM in gastric cancer metastasis remains unclear.", "18165437": "Previously, we found that a loss of plasma membrane (PM) phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2)-regulated filamentous actin (F-actin) structure contributes to insulin-induced insulin resistance. Interestingly, we also demonstrated that chromium picolinate (CrPic), a dietary supplement thought to improve glycemic status in insulin-resistant individuals, augments insulin-regulated glucose transport in insulin-sensitive 3T3-L1 adipocytes by lowering PM cholesterol. Here, to gain mechanistic understanding of these separate observations, we tested the prediction that CrPic would protect against insulin-induced insulin resistance by improving PM features important in cytoskeletal structure and insulin sensitivity. We found that insulin-induced insulin-resistant adipocytes display elevated PM cholesterol with a reciprocal decrease in PM PIP2. This lipid imbalance and insulin resistance was corrected by the cholesterol-lowering action of CrPic. The PM lipid imbalance did not impair insulin signaling, nor did CrPic amplify insulin signal transduction. In contrast, PM analyses corroborated cholesterol and PIP2 interactions influencing cytoskeletal structure. Because extensive in vitro study documents an essential role for cytoskeletal capacity in insulin-regulated glucose transport, we next evaluated intact skeletal muscle from obese, insulin-resistant Zucker (fa/fa) rats. Because insulin resistance in these animals likely involves multiple mechanisms, findings that cholesterol-lowering restored F-actin cytoskeletal structure and insulin sensitivity to that witnessed in lean control muscle were striking. Also, experiments using methyl-beta-cyclodextrin to shuttle cholesterol into or out of membranes respectively recapitulated the insulin-induced insulin-resistance and protective effects of CrPic on membrane/cytoskeletal interactions and insulin sensitivity. These data predict a PM cholesterol basis for hyperinsulinemia-associated insulin resistance and importantly highlight the reversible nature of this abnormality.", "26504894": "Web service has become the technology of choice for service oriented computing to meet the interoperability demands in web applications. In the Internet era, the exponential addition of web services nominates the \"quality of service\" as essential parameter in discriminating the web services. In this paper, a user preference based web service ranking (UPWSR) algorithm is proposed to rank web services based on user preferences and QoS aspect of the web service. When the user's request cannot be fulfilled by a single atomic service, several existing services should be composed and delivered as a composition. The proposed framework allows the user to specify the local and global constraints for composite web services which improves flexibility. UPWSR algorithm identifies best fit services for each task in the user request and, by choosing the number of candidate services for each task, reduces the time to generate the composition plans. To tackle the problem of web service composition, QoS aware automatic web service composition (QAWSC) algorithm proposed in this paper is based on the QoS aspects of the web services and user preferences. The proposed framework allows user to provide feedback about the composite service which improves the reputation of the services. ", "18337472": "Calreticulin is a molecular chaperone of the endoplasmic reticulum that uses both a lectin site specific for Glc(1)Man(5-9)GlcNAc(2) oligosaccharides and a polypeptide binding site to interact with nascent glycoproteins. The latter mode of substrate recognition is controversial. To examine the relevance of polypeptide binding to protein folding in living cells, we prepared lectin-deficient mutants of calreticulin and examined their abilities to support the assembly and quality control of mouse class I histocompatibility molecules. In cells lacking calreticulin, class I molecules exhibit inefficient loading of peptide ligands, reduced cell surface expression and aberrantly rapid export from the endoplasmic reticulum. Remarkably, expression of calreticulin mutants that are completely devoid of lectin function fully complemented all of the class I biosynthetic defects. We conclude that calreticulin can use nonlectin-based modes of substrate interaction to effect its chaperone and quality control functions on class I molecules in living cells. Furthermore, pulse-chase coimmunoisolation experiments revealed that lectin-deficient calreticulin bound to a similar spectrum of client proteins as wild-type calreticulin and dissociated with similar kinetics, suggesting that lectin-independent interactions are commonplace in cells and that they seem to be regulated during client protein maturation.", "19132101": "The objective was to develop a novel algorithm that can predict, based on field survey data, the minimum vaccination coverage required to reduce the mean number of infections per infectious individual to less than one (the Outbreak Response Immunization Threshold or ORIT) from up to six days in the advance.", "10440390": "Anti-CD3-immunotoxin (alpha-CD3-IT) promotes allograft tolerance in nonhuman primates owing to efficient depletion of sessile and circulating T cells. Common side effects of vascular leak syndrome, hepatotoxicity, and nephrotoxicity have limited tolerability of other immunotoxins. We report on preclinical studies of alpha-CD3-IT-related side effects.", "17911499": "Aortic stiffness is increased in Marfan syndrome contributing to aortic dilatation and rupture, the major cause of premature death in this population. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors have been shown to reduce arterial stiffness.", "11259597": "The high-mobility group I (HMGI) nonhistone chromosomal proteins HMGI(Y) and HMGI-C have been implicated in defining chromatin structure and in regulating the transcription of several genes. These proteins have been implicated in adipocyte homeostasis: a severe deficiency of fat tissue is found in mice with targeted disruption of the HMGI-C locus, and lipomagenesis in humans is frequently associated with somatic mutations of HMGI genes. The aim of this study was to examine the role of HMGI(Y) proteins in adipocytic cell growth and differentiation. First, we found that differentiation of the preadipocytic 3T3-L1 cell line caused early induction of HMGI(Y) gene expression. Suppression of HMGI(Y) expression by antisense technology dramatically increased the growth rate and impaired adipocytic differentiation in these cells. The process of adipogenic differentiation involves the interplay of several transcription factors, among which is the CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein (C/EBP) family of proteins. These factors are required for the transcriptional activation of adipocyte-specific genes. We also tested the hypothesis that HMGI(Y) might participate in transcriptional control of adipocyte-specific promoters. We found that HMGI(Y) proteins bind C/EBPbeta in vivo and in vitro. Furthermore, we show that HMGI(Y) strongly potentiates the capacity of C/EBPbeta to transactivate the leptin promoter, an adipose-specific promoter. Taken together, these results indicate that the HMGI(Y) proteins play a critical role in adipocytic cell growth and differentiation.", "7679698": "A recombinant form of migration inhibitory factor (MIF) obtained from COS-1 cells transfected with a cDNA library from a human T cell hybridoma is able to activate, in a dose-dependent manner, murine macrophages to express nitric oxide (NO) synthase and to produce high levels of NO in vitro. The time course of the induction of NO synthase is similar to that produced by the IFN-gamma. Enzyme activity peaks at 24 h and is undetectable by 72 h. MIF can synergize with IFN-gamma in the induction of NO synthesis, and the induction of NO synthase by both MIF and IFN-gamma is sensitive to inhibition by dexamethasone. However, unlike IFN-gamma-induced NO generation, MIF is sufficient for the induction of the enzyme, does not synergize with LPS, and is highly sensitive to inhibition by transforming growth factor.", "25374426": "Our aim was to construct infectious molecular clones of the CRF01_AE subtype in the primary infection phase of an acute HIV-1 infections in people screened from MSM populations, as well as continue preliminary research on this virus and its biological properties pertaining to deriving viruses. Walking sequencing was performed on a half-molecular clone with target fragment inserted. Western Blot was used to detect protein expression in HIV-1 infected 293T cells. Sequence analysis of HIV-1 genomic clones showed full-length HIV-1 genomic clones without frame shift mutation or termination codon. HIV-1 p24 antigens generated from 08-IMC were slightly greater than those from infectious molecular clones pNL4-3 3 and 93JP-NH1, but without statistical difference (all P > 0.05). The relative light units of 08-ISO was higher than those of 08-IMC, but no significant difference was observed (all P > 0.05). 08-IMC-driven virus was linked to lower replication kinetics. The replication levels of pNL4-3 and 08-ISO were significantly higher than the 08-IMC replication level but close to NH1 replication level (all P < 0.05). 08-IMC could infect the cells expressing CCR5 and be replicated in the CCR5-expressing cells with a positive percentage of 24.3 %, 08-ISO may use CCR5-using macrophage-tropic isolates as coreceptor, while pNL4-3 viruses with T cell tropisms utilize the CXCR4 co-receptor. Our study showed that the infectious molecular clones of viruses in the primary infection phase have a close relationship with the major prevalent CRF01_AE strains and have high homology with the viral RNA in plasma.", "15179047": "Human embryonic stem (ES) cells and embryonic germ (EG) cells are pluripotent and are invaluable material for in vitro studies of human embryogenesis and cell therapy. So far, only two groups have reported the establishment of human EG cell lines, whereas at least five human ES cell lines have been established. To see if human EG cell lines can be reproducibly established, we isolated primordial germ cells (PGCs) from gonadal ridges and mesenteries (9 weeks post-fertilization) and cultured them on mouse STO cells. As with mouse ES colonies, the PGC-derived cells have given rise to multilayered colonies without any differentiation over a year of continuous culture. They are karyotypically normal and express high levels of alkaline phosphatase, Oct-4, and several cell-surface markers. Histological and immunocytochemical analysis of embryoid bodies (EBs) formed from floating cultures of the PGC-derived cell colonies revealed ectodermal, endodermal, and mesodermal tissues. When the EBs were cultured in the presence of insulin, transferrin, sodium selenite, and fibronectin for 1 week, markers of primitive neuroectoderm were expressed in cells within the EBs as well as in cells growing out from the EBs. These observations indicate that our PGC-derived cells satisfy the criteria for pluripotent stem cells and hence may be EG cells.", "25685750": "School bullying, the most common type of school violence, comprises a spectrum of aggressive behaviors that involve both perpetrators and victims.", "20958973": "Low back pain in junior Australian Rules footballers has not been investigated despite findings that back pain is more prevalent, severe and frequent in senior footballers than non-athletic controls and findings that adolescent back pain is a strong predictor for adult back pain. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence, intensity, quality and frequency of low back pain in junior Australian Rules footballers and a control group and to compare this data between groups.", "24850176": "Neovascularization plays a substantial role in the invasiveness and metastasis of gastric cancer. However, the molecular mechanism underlying the control of neovascularization of gastric cancer remains undefined. Both vascular endothelial growth factor a (VEGFa) and matrix metalloproteinases 2 (MMP2) are essential for neovascularization by promoting endothelial mitogenesis and permeability and by promoting extracellular matrix degradation, respectively. Therefore, we were prompted to examine whether VEGFa and MMP2 may affect expression of each other to coordinate the neovascularization process. We found strong positive correlation of VEGFa and MMP2 levels in the gastric patients. Moreover, patients with metastasis of the original cancer had significantly higher levels of VEGFa and MMP2. Thus, we used a human gastric cancer cell line, SNU-5, to examine whether expression of VEGFa and MMP2 may affect each other. We found that overexpression of VEGFa in SNU-5 cells increased expression of MMP2, while inhibition of VEGFa in SNU-5 cells decreased expression of MMP2. On the other hand, overexpression of MMP2 in SNU-5 cells increased expression of VEGFa, while inhibition of MMP2 in SNU-5 cells decreased expression of VEGFa. These data suggest that expression of VEGFa and MMP2 may activate each other to reinforce a promoting effect on neovascularization. We then analyzed how VEGFa expression affects MMP2 level. Application of a specific Akt inhibitor to VEGFa-overexpressing SNU-5 cells substantially abolished the effect of VEGFa on MMP2 activation, suggesting that VEGFa may increase expression of MMP2 via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Since anti-VEGFa is a well-established therapy for many cancers, our data suggest that anti-VEGFa may not only inhibit neovascularization by prohibiting VEGFa-dependent endothelial mitogenesis and permeability increase but also by downregulating MMP2 to abolish the extracellular matrix degradation in gastric cancer.", "1912585": "Unfractionated bone marrow (BM) cells obtained from patients with multiple myeloma (MM) exhibit high levels of interleukin (IL)-6. Secretion of IL-6 by these cells as well as spontaneous plasma cell proliferation can be abrogated by neutralizing anti-IL-6 monoclonal antibody (MoAb). Treatment of BM cells with recombinant human (rh)IL-4 at doses of 50 to 250 U/mL blocked endogenous IL-6 synthesis in a dose-dependent fashion and was associated with significant reduction of plasma cell growth that could be reversed by exogenous rhIL-6. Enrichment of BM cells from MM patients for plasma cells and adherent cells and analysis of IL-6 mRNA in these subpopulations by means of quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) showed that adherent BM cells accounted for most of the synthesis of IL-6 transcripts, whereas plasma cells displayed negligible levels of IL-6 mRNA only. These results suggest therapeutic evaluation of rhIL-4 in patients with plasma cell neoplasms.", "2682635": "B-lymphoblastoid cell line (LCL) 721.221 lacks HLA-A, -B, and -C class I antigens and transcripts as a result of gamma-ray-induced mutations. LCL 721, from which mutant .221 was derived, produces membrane and secreted forms of IgG1(kappa). In contrast, IgG expression in .221 had these characteristics: (i) gamma 1 heavy chains were diminished by 98% but were detectable with chain-specific antibodies in cell lysates; (ii) kappa light chains were present at normal levels in cell lysates and free kappa chains were secreted; (iii) cell-surface-associated IgG and secreted IgG were absent. Mutants that had partially reduced amounts of class I antigens continued to secrete IgG; however, both the absolute amount of IgG secreted and the relative amount of kappa vs. intact IgG secreted were abnormal in such partially class I-deficient cells. The failure to export IgG and the deficiency of HLA-A, -B, and -C were not merely coincidental in mutant .221, since production of IgG was restored by transferring a functional HLA-A, -B, or -C gene into .221. Cell surface antigen expression of cloned HLA-A, -B, and -C transgenes introduced into .221 was comparable to that of the same genes in their normal chromosomal locations. These observations reveal a relation between production of HLA class I gene products and production of IgG.", "16387853": "The conservation of structure across homolog proteins often diffuses the impact of drug-based inhibition by promoting alternative protein-ligand associations that may lead to toxic side effects. However, sticky packing defects are typically not conserved across homologs, making them valuable a priori targets to enhance specificity. By introducing a homology to quantify packing differences among proteins, we enable a previously undescribed strategy for the design of highly selective drug inhibitors involving ligands that wrap nonconserved packing defects. The selectivity of these ligands is validated by performing affinity assays on a cancer-related pharmacokinome. Minor reengineering of a powerful inhibitor guided by wrapping differences across its target kinome can selectively direct its impact toward a specific kinase. Thus, nonconserved packing defects may be used as selectivity switches across homolog targets, using spatial displacements of packing defects across aligned protein structures.", "18951954": "Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a fatal neuromuscular disorder in which motor neurons may be targeted by oxidative and nitrergic stress without sufficient compensation by intrinsic support mechanisms. In this work, we addressed two key tenets of this hypothesis for the pathogenesis of ALS. Using superoxide dismutase (SOD) 1G93A mice, we studied the impact of reduction of nitrergic stress within the CNS with the use of a broad spectrum nitric oxide synthase (NOS) inhibitor, NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester. A separate cohort of SOD1G93A mice received direct insulin neurotrophic support, ligating receptors expressed upon motor neurons, to attempt protection against neuronal and functional motor dropout. For direct access, we used a novel form of intranasal delivery that provides peak concentration levels in the CNS within 1 h of delivery without systemic side effects at doses which previously rescued retrograde loss of motor axons after axotomy. To identify even minor impacts of these interventions on the outcome, we utilized an intensive program of serial behavioral and electrophysiological testing weekly, combined with endpoint quantitative morphometry and molecular analysis. This intensive evaluation enhanced our knowledge of the time course in SOD1G93A mice and impact of the SOD1G93A mutation upon motor neurons and their function. Neither intervention had even minimal impact upon slowing progression of disease in SOD1G93A mice. Our data argue against significant roles for nitrergic stress in promoting motor neuron loss and the importance of alternative neurotrophic support mechanisms that might support motor neurons and prevent disease progression in SOD1G93A mice.", "17395477": "In the present study the quantitative role of p42/44 and p38 in the production of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-12 by murine peritoneal macrophages, in vitro, on treatment with Concanavalin A (ConA) has been investigated. Maximum expression/production of cytokines TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-12 was observed after 16 h by RT-PCR and 24 h by ELISA, on in vitro treatment with ConA. To investigate the role of MAP kinases in the production of cytokines, pharmacological inhibitors of MAP kinases--PD98059, SB202190 and SP600125, were used. The expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-12 was down regulated in the presence of PD98059 and SB202190 in a dose dependent manner, suggesting the involvement of p42/44 and p38 in ConA induced production of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-12 by macrophages. It was observed that SP600125 did not have any effect on the expression of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta and IL-12. Using different combinations of MAPK inhibitors, it was found that 45% signal is conveyed via p42/44 and 25% via p38 in the production of these cytokines, by ConA treated macrophages while 30% signal passes through unidentified pathways.", "24325911": "In our study, we used meta-analysis to study the efficacy of the tourniquet on ankle trauma surgery. Postoperative infection rate, deep venous thrombosis incidence, hospital stay, and joint range of motion were studied to compare the tourniquet and non-tourniquet groups and provide certain references for clinical decision.", "17133340": "Gene transfer using inducible promoters, which control expression of transgenic proteins in response to physiological conditions, may have significant advantages. In this study, we tried to achieve an inducible adenoviral expression system for physiologically responsive gene therapy of autoimmune or inflammatory diseases.", "23736093": "Monitoring of facial muscles after neuromuscular blockade can give an early indication of respiratory muscle readiness for tracheal intubation.", "10915617": "We report on electrically driven amplified spontaneous emission and lasing in tetracene single crystals using field-effect electrodes for efficient electron and hole injection. For laser action, feedback is provided by reflections at the cleaved edges of the crystal resulting in a Fabry-Perot resonator. Increasing the injected current density above a certain threshold value results in the decreasing of the spectral width of the emission from 120 millielectron volts to less than 1 millielectron volt because of gain narrowing and eventually laser action. High electron and hole mobilities as well as balanced charge carrier injection lead to improved exciton generation in these gate-controlled devices. Moreover, the effect of charge-induced absorption is substantially reduced in high-quality single crystals compared with amorphous organic materials.", "24653606": "Orofacial pain is a common encounter in dentistry (affecting 12% of the population) and is a primary reason for patients seeking emergency care. Dentists often prescribe oral analgesics, which have disadvantages of decreased absorption rates and delayed onset. Intranasal (IN) delivery takes advantage of a large surface area of mucosal tissue for rapid absorption. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of IN ketorolac for endodontic pain using a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled parallel design study.", "21606207": "We identified two proteins, Pex25 and Rho1, which are involved in reintroduction of peroxisomes in peroxisome-deficient yeast cells. These are, together with Pex3, the first proteins identified as essential for this process. Of the three members of the Hansenula polymorpha Pex11 protein family-Pex11, Pex25, and Pex11C-only Pex25 was required for reintroduction of peroxisomes into a peroxisome-deficient mutant strain. In peroxisome-deficient pex3 cells, Pex25 localized to structures adjacent to the ER, whereas in wild-type cells it localized to peroxisomes. Pex25 cells were not themselves peroxisome deficient but instead contained a slightly increased number of peroxisomes. Interestingly, pex11 pex25 double deletion cells, in which both peroxisome fission (due to the deletion of PEX11) and reintroduction (due to deletion of PEX25) was blocked, did display a peroxisome-deficient phenotype. Peroxisomes reappeared in pex11 pex25 cells upon synthesis of Pex25, but not of Pex11. Reintroduction in the presence of Pex25 required the function of the GTPase Rho1. These data therefore provide new and detailed insight into factors important for de novo peroxisome formation in yeast.", "3084104": "C57BL/6 mice transgenic for a mu heavy chain gene, the VDJ region of which came from the BALB/c hybridoma 17.2.25, expressed high levels of antibody carrying determinants specific for the transgene (idiotypes). The individual antibodies made by hybridomas from transgenic mice, however, were generally encoded by endogenous genes; in most cases the transgene was present but not expressed. The endogenous, idiotype-positive antibodies had heavy chains that were notable for the high frequencies of JH4 (as in the transgene) and VH segments from the VH81X family (unrelated to the transgene). The expression of endogenous genes mimicking the idiotype of the transgene suggests that a rearranged gene introduced into the germ line can activate powerful cellular regulatory influences.", "16781144": "The aim of this work was to study chemical structures and biological activities of rhamnolipids produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa B189 isolated from milk factory waste. The culture produced two biosurfactants, a and b, which showed strong activity and were identified as L-rhamnopyranosyl-L-rhamnopyranosyl-beta-hydroxydecanoyl-beta-hydroxydecanoate or Rha-Rha-C10-C10 and L-rhamnopyranosyl-L-rhamnopyranosyl-beta-hydroxydecanoyl-beta-hydroxydodecanoate or Rha-Rha-C10-C12, respectively. Both compounds exhibited higher surfactant activities tested by the drop collapse test than several artificial surfactants such as SDS and Tween 80. Rhamnolipid a showed significant antiproliferative activity against human breast cancer cell line (MCF-7) at minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) at 6.25 microg/mL while rhamnolipid b showed MIC against insect cell line C6/36 at 50 microg/mL.", "27135839": "Bacterial growth at low pressure is a new research area with implications for predicting microbial activity in clouds and the bulk atmosphere on Earth, and for modeling the forward contamination of planetary surfaces like Mars. Here, we describe experiments on the recovery and identification of 23 species of bacterial hypobarophiles (def., growth under hypobaric conditions of approximately 1-2\u2009kPa) in 11 genera capable of growth at 0.7\u2009kPa. Hypobarophilic bacteria, but not archaea or fungi, were recovered from soil and non-soil ecosystems. The highest numbers of hypobarophiles were recovered from Arctic soil, Siberian permafrost, and human saliva. Isolates were identified through 16S rRNA sequencing to belong to the genera Carnobacterium, Exiguobacterium, Leuconostoc, Paenibacillus, and Trichococcus. The highest population of culturable hypobarophilic bacteria (5.1\u2009\u00d7\u200910(4) cfu/g) was recovered from Colour Lake soils from Axel Heiberg Island in the Canadian Arctic. In addition, we extend the number of hypobarophilic species in the genus Serratia to six type-strains that include S. ficaria, S. fonticola, S. grimesii, S. liquefaciens, S. plymuthica, and S. quinivorans. Microbial growth at 0.7\u2009kPa suggests that pressure alone will not be growth-limiting on the martian surface or in Earth's atmosphere up to an altitude of 34\u2009km.", "21854183": "This study is aimed to evaluate the protective effect of fermented Angelicae gigantis Radix (AGR) with Monascus purpureus strain on carbon tetrachloride (CCl(4))-induced hepatotoxicity and oxidative stress in rats. The activities of liver marker enzymes, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and the levels of lipid peroxidation were increased when CCl(4) was treated but these parameters were significantly decreased by fermented AGR treatment. CCl(4) treatment exhibited decrease in serum concentrations of triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, and free fatty acids, and these were also decreased by fermented AGR administration. The level of serum leptin was significantly lower in fermented AGR administration than that in normal control group. CCl(4) treatment significantly increased the concentration of liver triglyceride. The current study observed significant elevations of the thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) levels in the liver homogenate, mitochondrial, and microsomal fractions of CCl(4) control group compared with normal control group. CCl(4) treatment resulted in a significant decrease in the levels of plasma and hepatic glutathione, but these reductions were significantly increased by fermented AGR administration. CCl(4) induced the marked hepatocytes necrosis and fatty accumulation around the central veins. Accordingly, fermented AGR may be an ideal candidate for the hepatoprotective effect in animal model.", "21917550": "Plant and animal pathogens inject type III effectors (T3Es) into host cells to suppress host immunity and promote successful infection. XopD, a T3E from Xanthomonas campestris pv vesicatoria, has been proposed to promote bacterial growth by targeting plant transcription factors and/or regulators. Here, we show that XopD from the B100 strain of X. campestris pv campestris is able to target MYB30, a transcription factor that positively regulates Arabidopsis thaliana defense and associated cell death responses to bacteria through transcriptional activation of genes related to very-long-chain fatty acid (VLCFA) metabolism. XopD specifically interacts with MYB30, resulting in inhibition of the transcriptional activation of MYB30 VLCFA-related target genes and suppression of Arabidopsis defense. The helix-loop-helix domain of XopD is necessary and sufficient to mediate these effects. These results illustrate an original strategy developed by Xanthomonas to subvert plant defense and promote development of disease.", "24932207": "Detrimental effects of acute and chronic alcohol (ethanol) consumption on human physiology are well documented in the literature. These adversely influence neural, metabolic, cardiovascular, and thermoregulatory functions. However, the side effects of ethanol consumption on hormonal fluctuations and subsequent related skeletal muscle alterations have received less attention and as such are not entirely understood. The focus of this review is to identify the side effects of ethanol consumption on the major hormones related to muscle metabolism and clarify how the hormonal profiles are altered by such consumption. ", "17993584": "NAD(P)H oxidase is one of the critical enzymes mediating cellular production of reactive oxygen species and has a central role in airway smooth muscle (ASM) cell proliferation. Since reactive oxygen species also affect ASM contractile response, we hypothesized a regulatory role of NAD(P)H oxidase in ASM contractility. We therefore studied ASM function in wild-type mice (C57BL/6J) and mice deficient in a component (p47phox) of NAD(P)H oxidase. In histological sections of the trachea, we found that the area occupied by ASM was 17% more in p47(phox-/-) than in wild-type mice. After correcting for the difference in ASM content, we found that force generation did not vary between the two genotypes. Similarly, their ASM shortening velocity, maximal power, and sensitivity to acetylcholine, as well as airway responsiveness to methacholine in vivo, were not significantly different. The main finding of this study was a significantly reduced ASM relaxation in p47phox-/- compared with wild-type mice both during the stimulus and after the end of stimulation. The tension relaxation attained at the 20th second of electric field stimulation was, respectively, 17.6 +/- 2.4 and 9.2 +/- 2.3% in null and wild-type mice (P <0.01 by t-test). Similar significant differences were found in the rate of tension relaxation and the time required to reduce tension by one-half. Our data suggest that NAD(P)H oxidase may have a role in the structural arrangement and mechanical properties of the airway tissue. Most importantly, we report the first evidence that the p47phox subunit of NAD(P)H oxidase plays a role in ASM relaxation.", "15951848": "In this paper we report the regulation of Aspergillus niger growth rate during citric acid fermentation in a stirred tank bioreactor. For this, the influence of dissolved oxygen concentration in a medium on intracellular pH values and consequently on overall microbial metabolism was emphasized. Intracellular pH of mycelium grown under different concentrations of dissolved oxygen in the medium was determined. Sensitivity of proteins toward proton concentration is well recognized, therefore pH influences on the activities of key regulatory enzymes of Aspergillus niger were determined at pH values similar to those detected in the cells grown under lower dissolved oxygen concentrations. The results have shown significantly reduced specific activities of hexokinase, 6-phosphofructokinase and glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in more acidic environment, while pyruvate kinase was found to be relatively insensitive towards higher proton concentration. As expected, due to the reduced specific activities of regulatory enzymes under more acidic conditions, overall metabolism should be hindered in the medium with lower dissolved oxygen concentration which was confirmed by detecting the reduced specific growth rates. From the studies, we conclude that dissolved oxygen concentration affects the intracellular pH and thus growth rate of Aspergillus niger during the fermentation process.", "15208318": "The rd mouse, an accepted animal model for photoreceptor degeneration in retinitis pigmentosa, has a recessive mutation for the gene encoding the beta-subunit of the cGMP phosphodiesterase. This mutation results in high levels of cGMP, which leaves an increased number of the cGMP-gated channels in the open state, thus allowing intracellular calcium (Ca(2+)) to rise to toxic levels, and rapid photoreceptor degeneration follows. To delineate the events in rd photoreceptor degeneration, we demonstrated an increase in calpain and caspase-3 activity, hypothesizing that Ca(2+)-mediated apoptosis in photoreceptors is mediated by calpain, involving mitochondrial depolarization and caspase-3 activation. To examine this hypothesis further, a murine photoreceptor-derived cell line (661W) was treated with the Ca(2+) ionophore A23187, cGMP-gated channel agonist 8-bromo-cGMP, or phosphodiesterase inhibitor isobutylmethylxanthine to mimic the increased Ca(2+) influx seen in the rd photoreceptors. Ca(2+)-induced cell death in 661W cells was found to be mediated by calpain and caspase-3 and could be completely inhibited by the calpain inhibitor SJA6017, implicating both calpain and caspases in the apoptotic process. The apoptotic events correlated in an SJA6017-inhibitable manner with bid cleavage, mitochondrial depolarization, cytochrome c release, and caspase-3 and -9 activation. We concluded that Ca(2+) influx in the rd model of photoreceptor degeneration leads to the activation of the cysteine protease calpain, which executes apoptosis via modulation of caspase-3 activity.", "25792385": "Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), an aggressive primary brain tumor, is radioresistant and recurs despite aggressive surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. Curcumin as a potential radiosensitizer has received extensive attention in cancer treatment. To explore an effectiveness of this radiosensitizer for GBM treatment, we evaluated the radiosensitizing effect of curcumin and investigated its potential molecular mechanisms in the human glioma cell line U87.", "26980236": "Natural Orifice Transluminal Endoscopic Surgery (NOTES) provides an emerging surgical technique which usually needs a long learning curve for surgeons. Virtual reality (VR) medical simulators with vision and haptic feedback can usually offer an efficient and cost-effective alternative without risk to the traditional training approaches. Under this motivation, we developed the first virtual reality simulator for transvaginal cholecystectomy in NOTES (VTEST\u2122).", "2544648": "Contribution of IL-2R-bearing activated lymphocytes to antiviral host defense was investigated in C57BL/6 mice by treatment in vivo with IL-2R-specific mAb PC61. When treated on days 0 and 1 with respect to infection with either vaccinia virus, lymphocytic choriomeningitis (LCM) virus (LCMV) or vesicular stomatitis virus, 6-day immune mice had low numbers of CD8+ T cells that were reduced to about 10% of the values found for infected but otherwise untreated controls. In contrast, the number of CD4+ T cells was within normal ranges. Correspondingly, induction of strictly T help-dependent antiviral neutralizing IgG antibody titers remained unaffected by the mAb treatment, whereas generation of antiviral cytotoxic T cell activity was abrogated. Anti-IL-2R treatment of thymectomized mice 14 and 15 days after infection prevented generation of secondary antiviral cytotoxic T cells in restimulation cultures in vitro initiated 24 days later. Treatment with IL-2R-specific mAb was comparable to treatment with CD8-specific mAb in preventing mice to eliminate virus. Because of the involvement of antiviral cytotoxic T cells in disease manifestations, treatment with IL-2R-specific mAb protected mice from lethal LCM after intracerebral infection with LCMV and inhibited the footpad swelling reaction caused by local infection with the same virus.", "19298132": "Hypoxia in solid tumors is a major obstacle in conventional treatment because of inefficient delivery of therapeutic agents to the lesions, but offers the potential for anaerobic bacterial colonization that can lead to tumor destruction. We have previously reported a recombinant Clostridium perfringens (Cp) strain constructed by deletion of the superoxide dismutase (sod) gene and insertion of the Panton-Valentine leukocidin (PVL) gene, Cp/sod(-)/PVL, which showed elevated oxygen sensitivity, tumor selectivity, and oncopathic potency in an orthotopic model of pancreatic cancer in immune-competent and syngeneic mice, and that led to substantial prolongation of animal survival. A major limitation to Cp/sod(-)/PVL in clinical applications is that it expresses phospholipase C (plc), the alpha-toxin and the major virulence determinant in Cp that is causative in the development of gas gangrene. In this study, the plc gene in Cp/sod(-)/PVL was knocked out to create Cp/plc(-)/sod(-)/PVL, which was shown to be incapable of inducing gas gangrene in mice. Intravenous injection of Cp/plc(-)/sod(-)/PVL spores led to a significant survival advantage in tumor-bearing mice with the same efficacy as Cp/sod(-)/PVL, indicating that the oncopathic potency of Cp is independent of a functional plc gene. The treatment also did not lead to an attenuated immune response to a subsequent pathogen challenge, indicating that a systemic immune-suppressive effect in the host is absent. Consequently, Cp/plc(-)/sod(-)/PVL is a novel oncopathic bacterial agent for the effective treatment of pancreatic cancer and other poorly vascularized tumors, with a substantially enhanced safety profile, which is essential for the development of translational studies in the future.", "12169113": "Massage-like stroking induces acute antinociceptive effects that can be reversed by an oxytocin antagonist, indicating activation of oxytocin on endogenous pain controlling systems. We now demonstrate an increase in hindpaw withdrawal latencies (HWLs), in response to thermal and mechanical stimuli, which was present after six treatments of massage-like stroking every other day and which continued to increase through the remaining seven treatments. Repeated massage-like stroking also resulted in increased oxytocin-like immunoreactivity (oxytocin-LI) levels in plasma and periaquaductal grey matter (PAG). Furthermore, increases in HWLs were also present after injections of oxytocin into the PAG (0.1, 0.5 and 1.0 nmol). Intra-PAG oxytocin injection of 1 nmol followed by 1 or 20 nmol of naloxone attenuated the increments in HWL. Also, there was a dose-dependent attenuation of the oxytocin-induced antinociceptive effects following intra-PAG injection of the mu-opioid antagonist beta-funaltrexamine (beta-FNA) and the kappa-opioid antagonist nor-binaltorphimine (nor-BNI) but not the delta-antagonist naltrindole. The long-term antinociceptive effects of massage-like stroking may be attributed, at least partly, to the oxytocinergic system and its interaction with the opioid system, especially the mu- and the kappa-receptors in the PAG.", "21213097": "A membrane-targeted, lipophilic ether lipid of synthetic phospholipid analog, erucylphosphocholine (ErPC), induces apoptosis in some lines of human tumor cells. We investigated the effect of ErPC in the choriocarcinoma cell line, BeWo. BeWo cells were treated with various concentrations of ErPC, and changes in cell growth, the cell cycle, apoptosis, and related parameters were examined. A 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay showed that BeWo cells were sensitive to the growth inhibitory effect of ErPC. Cell cycle analysis indicated that exposure to ErPC decreased the proportion of cells in the S phase and increased the proportion in the G0/G1 phases of the cell cycle. Induction of apoptosis was confirmed by Annexin V staining of externalized phosphatidylserine and by the loss of mitochondrial transmembrane potential. This induction occurred in conjunction with the altered expression of genes related to cell growth, malignant phenotype, and apoptosis. These results suggest that ErPC may serve as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of choriocarcinoma.", "23039914": "(R)-9-(2-phosphonylmethoxypropyl)-2,6-diaminopurine (PMPDAP) is active against feline immunodeficiency virus (FIV) in vitro, and is less toxic than other acyclic nucleoside phosphonates. Its efficacy in naturally infected cats has not been evaluated in large controlled studies.", "1912750": "This article may be read as a comment on and extension to the recent survey of studies of the social costs of smoking in this journal by Markandya & Pearce (1989), covering some aspects of the literature not included in that survey. Inevitably, there is a considerable amount of overlap with the material in several of the listed references, including the Markandya & Pearce (1989) survey. The article argues that the published studies based on the incidence approach to the costs of smoking, even on their own terms and accepting the stated assumptions, are erroneous, yielding cost estimates that are too high. In the appendix a simple model of the use of taxation to correct for informational error concerning a risky good is presented.", "18182067": "Given the emerging roles of microRNAs (miRNAs) as key regulator of mRNA stability we assessed their expression profile in paired myometrium and leiomyoma, their isolated smooth muscle cells (MSMC and LSMC), a spontaneously transformed leiomyoma smooth muscle cells (T-LSMC) and SK-LMS-1, a leiomyosarcoma cell line using microarray and real time PCR. Based on global normalization of expression values of 385 miRNAs and statistical analysis (anova), 91 miRNAs were expressed above the threshold levels in myometrium, with a progressive decline in numbers in leiomyomas, MSMC, LSMC, T-LSMC and SK-LMS-1 (P<0.05). We selected and validated the expression of miR-20a, miR-21, miR-26a, miR-18a, miR-206, miR-181a and miR-142-5p and found their differential expression in tissue and cell-specific manners (P<0.05). Treatments of MSMC and LSMC with 17beta estradiol and medroxyprogesterone acetate (10(-8)M), or ICI-182780 and RU-486 (10(-6)M) resulted in differential regulation of these miRNAs (P<0.05). In conclusion, the expression of a number of miRNAs in myometrium and leiomyoma with their progressive aberrant from normal MSMC into LSMC, transformed and cancerous stage, suggests that miRNAs and their regulation by ovarian steroids play a key role in pathogenesis of leiomyoma through gene expression stability.", "18321333": "This paper draws on the experience of researching British South Asian women's lives in London as a female British Asian researcher to explore how cultural commonality and difference is shaped by agency and interaction in the research process. It examines these issues through a discussion of how the shared cultural identity of the researcher and the interviewees emerged as both a point of commonality and difference in the research process; with the researcher being ;positioned' in terms of both as a result of the interviewees' agency in interpreting their cultural commonality. In particular, issues of 'Indianness' and religion emerged as points on which interviewees exercised agency and interpreted the researcher's cultural identity. This was the basis on which they claimed commonality or difference and this assessment consequently impacted on their interaction with the researcher. The article suggests that more attention needs to be given to how assumptions made by interviewees regarding the cultural identity of the researcher through their agency and interaction in the research process shapes interview dynamics.", "15495094": "Interactive Health Communication Applications (IHCAs) are computer-based, usually web-based health information packages for patients that combine information with at least one of social support, decision support, or behaviour change support. These are innovations in health care and their effects on health are uncertain.", "19189065": "During anaesthesia propofol is administered either by manual controlled infusion (MCI) or by target controlled infusion (TCI) techniques. In this study two different TCI systems for propofol administration were evaluated with regard to handling, patient safety, and costs and compared to administration of propofol by the MCI technique.", "16543683": "Inflammation and thrombogenesis have been suggested as possible causes for cardiovascular events in patients suffering from metabolic syndrome (MS). The primary objective of this study was to determine the relationship between red blood cell (RBC) or white blood cell (WBC) subtypes and MS. The secondary objective was to reveal any gender differences inherent to this association. Body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and glucose were measured. The numbers of WBC subtypes and RBCs were determined in healthy adults. In male subjects, the numbers of total leukocytes, neutrophils, and lymphocytes was elevated in the MS patients (P<0.05). In the male subjects, the numbers of total leukocytes, neutrophils, and lymphocytes were elevated in accordance with the metabolic component count (P<0.05). RBC, monocyte, eosinophil, and basophil counts did not differ in accordance with metabolic component counts (r = 0.406, r = 0.304, r = 0.366; P<0.05). In the female subjects, we determined there to be no differences in the numbers of RBC and WBC subtypes in the MS patients, in accordance with metabolic component counts. The numbers of total leukocytes, neutrophils, and lymphocytes were elevated in the male MS subjects in this study, and these counts increased in accordance with the metabolic component counts. In the female subjects in this study, we determined there to be no association between RBC and WBC subtype counts with MS.", "21456887": "Neurological diseases such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), stroke, and Parkinson's disease cause disability and immobilization that increases the risk of hip fracture. The purpose of the present study was to clarify the efficacy of oral bisphosphonates for preventing hip fracture in disabled patients with such neurological diseases.", "17916578": "HU is one of the most abundant DNA binding proteins in Escherichia coli. We find that it binds strongly to DNA containing an abasic (AP) site or tetrahydrofuran (THF) (apparent K(d) approximately 50 nM). It also possesses an AP lyase activity that cleaves at a deoxyribose but not at a THF residue. The binding and cleavage of an AP site was observed only with the HUalphabeta heterodimer. Site-specific mutations at K3 and R61 residues led to a change in substrate binding and cleavage. Both K3A(alpha)K3A(beta) and R61A(alpha)R61A(beta) mutant HU showed significant reduction in binding to DNA containing AP site; however, only R61A(alpha)R61A(beta) mutant protein exhibited significant loss in AP lyase activity. Both K3A(alpha)K3A(beta) and R61K(alpha)R61K(beta) showed slight reduction in AP lyase activities. The function of HU protein as an AP lyase was confirmed by the ability of hupA or hupB mutations to further reduce the viability of an E. coli dut(Ts) xth mutant, which generates lethal AP sites at 37 degrees C; the hupA and hupB derivatives, respectively, had a 6-fold and a 150-fold lower survival at 37 degrees C than did the parental strain. These data suggest, therefore, that HU protein plays a significant role in the repair of AP sites in E. coli.", "18632654": "Tumor cells escape clearance by complement by abundantly expressing CD59 and other membrane complement regulators. Existing strategies for blocking/knocking down these regulators can contribute to tumor immunoclearance in vitro; however, there are numerous difficulties restricting their use in vivo. Here, we report a new strategy for suppression of CD59 expression in neuroblastoma using peptides that target regulators of CD59 expression. We identified the neural-restrictive silencer factor (REST) as a target for modulation of CD59 expression in neuroblastoma. We next designed plasmids that encoded peptides comprising different DNA-binding domains of REST and transfected them into neuroblastoma cell lines. These peptides suppressed CD59 expression, sensitizing neuroblastoma to complement-mediated killing triggered by anti-GD2 therapeutic monoclonal antibody. These CD59-modulating peptides might be effective therapeutic adjuvants to therapeutic monoclonal antibodies used for treatment of neuroblastoma and other cancer types sharing the same mechanism for regulation of CD59 expression.", "25893197": "Hepatocellular carcinoma is a major health problem worldwide and the third most common cause of cancer-related death. HCC treatment decisions are complex and dependent upon tumor staging. Several molecular targeted agents have been evaluated in clinical trials in advanced HCC. Despite of only modest objective response rates according to the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors, several studies showed encouraging results in terms of prolongation of the time to progression, disease stabilization, and survival. Cellular immunotherapy would improve the immune state and has potential in enhancing the therapeutic outcome for HCC patients.", "16363482": "LI-IT-TOFMS (laser ionization/ion-trap storage/time-of-flight mass spectrometry) is expected to be a powerful tool for environmental monitoring. In the research reported here, real-time LI-IT-TOFMS measurements were carried out on gaseous 2-4 chlorinated PCBs in order to evaluate the applicability of an environmental monitoring method. With respect to ion-trap storage for PCBs, we found that the effect was due to the driving RF voltage on the ring electrode in the ion trap. For PCBs ions produced by laser irradiation, we observed that it was more efficient to reach the center of the ion trap by using a gated RF voltage rather than by using a continuous RF voltage. The ion trajectories in the ion trap were simulated by SIMION 7.0. We found that the voltage of the exit end cap electrode affected both the number of ions trapped and the orbit of ions inside the trap cell. Optimization of this parameter was performed using both simulated and experimental results. The achievable PCBs sensitivity for real-time (1 min) measurement using the LI-IT-TOFMS method was found to be in the pptV range (<0.01 mg/m3N) by means of a comparison with the conventional gas sampling/GS-MS method. A satisfactory proportional relationship was confirmed between the laser-based and conventional results.", "21933391": "Mast cells have been implicated to play a functional role in arthritis, especially in autoantibody-positive disease. Among the cytokines involved in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), IL-17 is an important inflammatory mediator. Recent data suggest that the synovial mast cell is a main producer of IL-17, although T cells have also been implicated as prominent IL-17 producers as well. We aimed to identify IL-17 expression by mast cells and T cells in synovium of arthritis patients.", "15642590": "The present study was designed to investigate the effects of the intrahippocampal co-injection of beta-amyloid protein1-40 (Abeta(1-40)) with ibotenic acid (Ibo) on learning and memory in normal and aging model rats, and to explore the mechanism underlying the effects of the co-injection. The normal and aging rats were bilaterally injected Abeta(1-40) (4 microg for each side) with Ibo (2 microg for each side) into the hippocampus. Two weeks after the intrahippocampal injection, the exploratory behavior and learning-memory ability of the rats were tested by using open field, Y-maze and passive avoidance task. And the changes of membrane fluidity in hippocampal mitochondria, the activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and the content of malondialdehyde (MDA) in hippocampus were also examined. The co-injection of Abeta(1-40) with Ibo induced tested rats a remarkable decrease in the explorative behaviors and a significant decline in learning-memory ability (P < 0.01). The neurochemical changes induced by the co-injection included a significant decrease in membrane fluidity of hippocampal mitochondria (P < 0.01), a significant decrease in the activity of SOD (P < 0.01), as well as a remarkable increase in the content of MDA (P < 0.01). The results suggest that co-injection of Abeta(1-40) with Ibo may induce an increase of hippocampal damage by peroxidation and a serious deficit in the learning and memory of the rats. The results also suggest that the co-injection of Abeta(1-40) with Ibo may provide a useful animal model for the Alzheimer's disease (AD) research.", "15740897": "Although many studies have been performed to elucidate the molecular consequences of ultraviolet irradiation, little is known about the effect of natural products. Ultraviolet irradiation is widely considered to be an environmental stress. Here we investigated the effect of erythrodiol-3-acetate on the expressions of MMP-1,2 in cultured human skin fibroblasts. Erythrodiol-3-acetate was isolated from the stems of Styrax japonica (Styracaceae). Erythrodiol-3-acetate reduced the expression of MMP-1 but not MMP-2, at the mRNA and protein levels in a dose-dependent manner by ultraviolet irradiation. Taken together, our results suggest that erythrodiol-3-acetate an important role in the reduction of MMP-1 induction by ultraviolet irradiation.", "27242466": "Recent studies have shown that characteristics of the face contain a wealth of information about health, age and chronic clinical conditions. Such studies involve objective measurement of facial features correlated with historical health information. But some individuals also claim to be adept at gauging mortality based on a glance at a person's photograph. To test this claim, we invited 12 such individuals to see if they could determine if a person was alive or dead based solely on a brief examination of facial photographs. All photos used in the experiment were transformed into a uniform gray scale and then counterbalanced across eight categories: gender, age, gaze direction, glasses, head position, smile, hair color, and image resolution. Participants examined 404 photographs displayed on a computer monitor, one photo at a time, each shown for a maximum of 8 s. Half of the individuals in the photos were deceased, and half were alive at the time the experiment was conducted. Participants were asked to press a button if they thought the person in a photo was living or deceased. Overall mean accuracy on this task was 53.8%, where 50% was expected by chance (p < 0.004, two-tail). Statistically significant accuracy was independently obtained in 5 of the 12 participants. We also collected 32-channel electrophysiological recordings and observed a robust difference between images of deceased individuals correctly vs. incorrectly classified in the early event related potential (ERP) at 100 ms post-stimulus onset. Our results support claims of individuals who report that some as-yet unknown features of the face predict mortality. The results are also compatible with claims about clairvoyance warrants further investigation. ", "9601702": "beta-Amyloid has been shown to be neurotoxic in vivo and in vitro. Free radical production and subsequent lipid oxidation after beta-amyloid application have been observed in vitro and are considered to be factors that contribute to the neurotoxicity. Field recordings in the area CA1 for 3 weeks showed a dose-dependent effect on amplitude after intracerebroventricular (i.c.v.) injections of 1, 5 or 10 nmol beta-amyloid (25-35). The nitric oxide synthase inhibitors 7-nitro indazole (30 mg/kg, i.p.) and 1-(2-trifluoromethylphenyl)imidazole (150 nmol, i.c.v.) which preferentially inhibit the neuronal isoform prevented this beta-amyloid-induced decay of synaptic transmission. The protective effect of these inhibitors was reversed by L-arginine (200 mg/kg, i.p.). The results support the theory that nitric oxide production contributes to beta-amyloid-induced neuronal degeneration or reduction of neurotransmission.", "14585844": "beta(1C) and beta(1A) integrins are two splice variants of the human beta(1) integrin subfamily that act as an inhibitor and a stimulator of cell proliferation, respectively. In neoplastic prostate epithelium, both these variants are down-regulated at the mRNA level, but only beta(1C) protein levels are reduced. We used an experimental model consisting of PNT1A, a normal immortalized prostate cell line, and LNCaP and PC-3, two prostate carcinoma cell lines, to investigate both the transcription/post-transcription and translation/post-translation processes of beta(1C) and beta(1A). Transcriptional regulation played the key role for the reduction in beta(1C) and beta(1A) mRNA expression in cancer cells, as beta(1C) and beta(1A) mRNA half-lives were comparable in normal and cancer cells. beta(1C) translation rate decreased in cancer cells in agreement with the decrease in mRNA levels, whereas beta(1A) translation rate increased more than 2-fold, despite the reduction in mRNA levels. Both beta(1C) and beta(1A) proteins were degraded more rapidly in cancer than in normal cells, and pulse-chase experiments showed that intermediates and/or rates of beta(1C) and beta(1A) protein maturation differ in cancer versus normal cells. Inhibition of either calpain- or lysosomal-mediated proteolysis increased both beta(1C) and beta(1A) protein levels, the former in normal but not in cancer cells and the latter in both cell types, albeit at a higher extent in cancer than in normal cells. Interestingly, inhibition of the ubiquitin proteolytic pathway increased expression of ubiquitinated beta(1C) protein without affecting beta(1A) protein levels in cancer cells. These results show that transcriptional, translational, and post-translational processes, the last involving the ubiquitin proteolytic pathway, contribute to the selective loss of beta(1C) integrin, a very efficient inhibitor of cell proliferation, in prostate malignant transformation.", "19468278": "S(+)-ketamine is an analgesic and sedative drug with dissociative attributes. When it is used without sedatives, nightmares have been described. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of postoperative analgosedation with propofol and S(+)-ketamine when compared to standard propofol analgosedation in terms of recovery, dreaming, hemodynamics, and patient satisfaction.", "22056957": "Recent studies demonstrated that the metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype 7 \"mGluR7\" activation may reduce motivational aspects of ethanol dependence. We investigated the role of mGlu7 receptor in ethanol-related behaviors using the allosteric agonist AMN082 in mice. Results have shown that mGluR7 activation increased the sedative effect of ethanol as measured by the duration of loss of righting reflex (LORR) and reduced the severity of ethanol-induced withdrawal. Importantly, the protective effect of the drug on alcohol-induced withdrawal was found when the AMN082 was injected before, but not after, injection of ethanol suggesting that mGluR7 activation prevented development of dependence rather than producing an anti-convulsant effect. In addition, ethanol-induced locomotor stimulation was blocked by following mGluR7 activation. Furthermore, mice injected with AMN082 consumed less ethanol in a two-bottle free-choice paradigm and in a drinking in the dark (DID) model. Impairment in reward mechanisms in AMN082-injected mice was confirmed by the lack of ethanol-induced conditioned place preference (CPP). Follow-up control experiments have shown that plasma alcohol concentrations of AMN082 and vehicle-treated mice were similar. Taken together, these findings provide evidence for the crucial role of mGluR7 in ethanol-related behaviors, especially in voluntary alcohol drinking and alcohol reward. Thus, pharmacological targeting mGluR7 with AMN082-like compounds might be a potential means to tackle ethanol abuse and alcoholism in the future.", "9113601": "This report is a clarification and further analysis of our previously published mortality study regarding groundwater contamination with hexavalent chromium (Cr+6) in the JinZhou area of China between 1965 and 1978. In our previous report, we stated that a significant excess of overall cancer mortality was observed (P = 0.04) in five Cr(+6)-contaminated villages combined. Further analysis revealed no clear statistical increase in cancer mortality in the three villages adjacent to the source of the contamination (P = 0.25), where 57% of the wells exceeded the European Community safe drinking water standard of 0.05 ppm Cr+6. These results do not indicate an association of cancer mortality with exposure to Cr(+6)-contaminated groundwater, but might reflect the influence of lifestyle or environmental factors not related to Cr+6. Further follow-up of this cohort is recommended.", "20213764": "Inactivation of survival pathways such as NF-kappaB, cyclooxygenase (COX-2), or epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling individually may not be sufficient for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer (PC) as suggested by recent clinical trials. 3,3'-Diindolylmethane (B-DIM) is an inhibitor of NF-kappaB and COX-2 and is a well-known chemopreventive agent. We hypothesized that the inhibition of NF-kappaB and COX-2 by B-DIM concurrently with the inhibition of EGFR by erlotinib will potentiate the anti-tumor effects of cytotoxic drug gemcitabine, which has been tested both in vitro and in vivo. Inhibition of viable cells in seven PC cell lines treated with B-DIM, erlotinib, or gemcitabine alone or their combinations was evaluated using 3-(4,5-dimetylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. Significant inhibition in cell viability was observed in PC cells expressing high levels of COX-2, EGFR, and NF-kappaB proteins. The observed inhibition was associated with an increase in apoptosis as assessed by ELISA. A significant down-regulation in the expression of COX-2, NF-kappaB, and EGFR in BxPC-3, COLO-357, and HPAC cells was observed, suggesting that simultaneous targeting of EGFR, NF-kappaB, and COX-2 is more effective than targeting either signaling pathway separately. Our in vitro results were further supported by in vivo studies showing that B-DIM in combination with erlotinib and gemcitabine was significantly more effective than individual agents. Based on our preclinical in vitro and in vivo results, we conclude that this multi-targeted combination could be developed for the treatment of PC patients whose tumors express high levels of COX-2, EGFR, and NF-kappaB.", "15896584": "To evaluate the antiemetic and analgesic effects of dexamethasone for the first 24 hours postoperatively in patients scheduled for dental surgery.", "27471887": "OBJECTIVE Chronic subdural hematoma (CSDH) is prevalent in the aged population and is commonly treated with bur hole drainage. This treatment, however, can lead to various surgical complications. Atorvastatin may cure CSDH via its antiinflammatory and proangiogenesis effects, but not all patients treated with this medication can avoid surgery. The authors' aim was to investigate the effect of atorvastatin and identify characteristics of patients with CSDH sensitive to atorvastatin therapy. METHODS A prospective, placebo-controlled observational study was conducted in 80 patients with evidence of CSDH. The patients were enrolled between February 2012 and August 2014 and were randomly assigned to either atorvastatin treatment (atorvastatin group) or placebo (control group). Patients were followed up for 12 months after initiation of treatment. Clinically relevant data were collected and compared between the 2 groups. The atorvastatin group was subdivided into patients who required surgery and those who did not, and characteristics of these subgroups were also compared. The relationship between atorvastatin treatment and need for surgery was investigated by means of multiple regression analysis using the following variables as predictors: age, sex, admission Markwalder grade, level of dependency in activities of daily living (ADL) as assessed with the modified Barthel Index, presence of hemiparesis, and hematoma volume. RESULTS The proportion of patients who required surgical intervention during the follow-up period was significantly lower in the atorvastatin group than in the control group (p = 0.001), and the mean time to surgery was longer in the atorvastatin group (p = 0.018). Within the atorvastatin group, there was a significant difference with respect to Markwalder grades, degree of dependency in ADL, percentage of patients with hemiparesis, and mean hematoma volume between the patients who required surgery during the follow-up period and those who did not (p = 0.002, p = 0.001, p = 0.001, and p = 0.012, respectively). The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that atorvastatin significantly reduced the probability of surgery and that female sex and favorable admission Markwalder grades and favorable dependency status with respect to ADL (independent, slightly dependent, or moderately dependent) were independent predictors of not requiring surgery. CONCLUSIONS Atorvastatin administration can promote the resolution of CSDH, especially for women with favorable Markwalder grades and favorable ADL dependency status at admission.", "17223697": "Abeta peptide is the major component of senile plaques (SP), which accumulate in the brain of a patient with Alzheimer's disease (AD). A recent report indicated that isoflurane enhanced Abeta oligomerization (micro-aggregation) and subsequent cytotoxicity of the Abeta peptide. A separate study showed that a clinically relevant concentration of isoflurane induces apoptosis and increases Abeta production in a human neuroglioma cell line. In vitro studies have indicated that halothane interacts specifically with Abeta peptide to induce oligomerization and that Abeta42 oligomerizes faster than Abeta40. The specific interactions of isoflurane, propofol, and thiopental with uniformly 15N labeled Abeta40 and Abeta42 peptide were investigated using multidimensional nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) experiments. We found that isoflurane and propofol (at higher concentration) interact with Abeta40 peptides and induce Abeta oligomerization. Thiopental does not interact with specific residues (G29, A30, and I31) of Abeta40; hence, the peptide remains in the monomeric form. On the basis of our NMR study, thiopental does not oligomerize Abeta40 even at higher concentrations.", "10932255": "Botulinum neurotoxin serotype B is a zinc protease that disrupts neurotransmitter release by cleaving synaptobrevin-II (Sb2), one of three SNARE proteins involved in neuronal synaptic vesicle fusion. The three-dimensional crystal structure of the apo botulinum neurotoxin serotype B catalytic domain (BoNT/B-LC) has been determined to 2.2 A resolution, and the complex of cleaved Sb2 with the catalytic domain (Sb2-BoNT/B-LC) has been determined to 2.0 A resolution. A comparison of the holotoxin catalytic domain and the isolated BoNT/B-LC structure shows a rearrangement of three active site loops. This rearrangement exposes the BoNT/B active site. The Sb2-BoNT/B-LC structure illustrates two distinct binding regions, which explains the specificity of each botulinum neurotoxin for its synaptic vesicle protein. This observation provides an explanation for the proposed cooperativity between binding of full-length substrate and catalysis and suggest a mechanism of synaptobrevin proteolysis employed by the clostridial neurotoxins.", "23413424": "Recent advances in molecular resonance imaging of atherosclerosis enable to visualize atherosclerotic plaques in vivo using molecular targeted contrast agents. This offers opportunities to study atherosclerosis development and plaque vulnerability noninvasively. In this review, we discuss MRI contrast agents targeted toward atherosclerotic plaques and illustrate how these new imaging platforms could assist in our understanding of atherogenesis and atheroprogression. In particular, we highlight the challenges and limitations of the different contrast agents and hurdles for clinical application. We describe the most promising existing compounds to detect atherosclerosis and plaque vulnerability. Of particular interest are the fibrin-targeted compounds that detect thrombi and, furthermore, the contrast agents targeted to integrins that allow to visualize plaque neovascularization. Moreover, vascular cell adhesion molecule 1-targeted iron oxides seem promising for early detection of atherosclerosis. These targeted MRI contrast agents, however promising and well characterized in (pre)clinical models, lack specificity for plaque vulnerability.", "21704741": "To date cancer is considered as one of the most devastating diseases due to its high rate of mortality. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that the Akt/mTOR (mammalian target of rapamycin) pathway is activated in cancers and inhibition of this pathway has great potential in anti-cancer therapy. Rapamycin, one of the most potent anti-cancer drugs, blocks Akt/mTOR function and has anti-proliferative activity in several cancers. To circumvent problems associated with rapamycin due to its poor water solubility, poor oral bioavailability, low accessibility to cancer tissues and systemic toxicity, rapamycin-loaded cubic nanoparticles (NP) were formulated with vitamin E d-\u03b1-tocopheryl polyethylene glycol 1000 succinate (TPGS) as an emulsifier for oral delivery. Cubic NP were characterised and these particles demonstrated better cytotoxicity and apoptosis compared with native rapamycin under in vitro conditions due to their enhanced cellular uptake. The molecular impact of particulate systems on the Akt/mTOR pathway were elucidated by immunoblotting. Down-regulation of different anti-apoptotic genes of this pathway indicates activation of apoptotic signals leading to MIA PaCa cell death. An in vivo study demonstrated enhanced bioavailability of rapamycin in cubic NP in comparison with native rapamycin in a mouse model with no toxicity and good biocompatibility of void cubic NP at a higher dose of oral administration. Thus, rapamycin-loaded cubic NP can be used as an effective drug delivery system to produce better rapamycin therapeutics for the treatment of cancers.", "23351334": "The purpose of the study. Along with research on development of more efficient gene delivery systems, it is necessary to search on stabilization processes to extend their active life span. Chitosan is a nontoxic, biocompatible and available gene delivery carrier. The aim of this study was to assess the ability of this polymer to preserve transfection efficiency during spray-drying and a modified freeze-drying process in the presence of commonly used excipients.", "20451373": "To evaluate whether targeting IGF-IR therapeutic can increased chemosensitivity of squamous cell carcinomas of the head and neck (SCCHN) to doxorubicin and cisplatin, Insulin-like growth factor type I receptor (IGF-IR) expression was down-regulated by treatment with AS[S]ODN. Different doses of AS[S]ODN with doxorubicin or cisplatin were tested in TU159 and 183A SCCHN cell lines. Compared to phosphorothioate sense oligonucleotides (SS[S]ODN), AS[S]ODN treatment inhibited cancer cell proliferation and attenuated activation of IGF-IR. AS[S]ODN treatment was shown to enhance the sensitivity of SCCHN cell lines to doxorubicin and cisplatin. This observation correlated closely with the induction of apoptosis as measured by Annexin-V/PI and caspase activation assays. The in vivo results showed that treatment with AS[S]ODN/doxorubicin in combination also resulted in a significant suppression in TU159 xenografts. In conclusion, this study provides evidence for the efficacy of IGF-IR down-regulation combined with chemotherapy and raises the possibility that SCCHN treatment may be improved by pharmaceutical strategies directed towards the IGF-IR.", "25063470": "Up to now, survivin has been recommended as a prognostic and diagnostic indicator in glioma patients. However, there are still many controversies. Here, a meta-analysis was conducted to draw a more definitive conclusion on the correlation of survivin with overall survival (OS), age, gender, and WHO grade. Eligible studies were available through careful assessment, and then pooled hazard ratios (HRs) or odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were estimated. Funnel plots were introduced to evaluate the publication bias. Additionally, heterogeneity and sensitivity were also evaluated. In the present meta-analysis, 15 eligible studies with a total of 1,089 patients were incorporated. Survivin expression in gliomas correlated with 2-year OS (n\u2009=\u20098; HR 0.17, 95% CI 0.11-0.26) and 5-year OS (n\u2009=\u20097; HR 0.12, 95% CI 0.07-0.22) in patients. In addition, a fixed-effect model revealed a significant association between survivin and age (male/+; OR 2.10, 95% CI 1.44-3.05) and survivin and WHO grade (I+II/+; OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.19-0.38). No heterogeneity was observed across all studies. According to Begg's and Egger's test and funnel plot, no publication bias was reported. Taken together, our meta-analysis suggests that survivin expression is associated with poor survival, older age, and higher WHO grade and could be suggested as a useful prognostic and diagnostic biomarker, or an effective therapy target.", "21516347": "To develop an efficient genetic transformation system of chickpea (Cicer arietinum L.), callus derived from mature embryonic axes of variety P-362 was transformed with Agrobacterium tumefaciens strain LBA4404 harboring p35SGUS-INT plasmid containing the uidA gene encoding \u03b2-glucuronidase (GUS) and the nptII gene for kanamycin selection. Various factors affecting transformation efficiency were optimized; as Agrobacterium suspension at OD(600) 0.3 with 48\u00a0h of co-cultivation period at 20\u00b0C was found optimal for transforming 10-day-old MEA-derived callus. Inclusion of 200\u00a0\u03bcM acetosyringone, sonication for 4\u00a0s with vacuum infiltration for 6\u00a0min improved the number of GUS foci per responding explant from 1.0 to 38.6, as determined by histochemical GUS assay. For introducing the insect-resistant trait into chickpea, binary vector pRD400-cry1Ac was also transformed under optimized conditions and 18 T(0) transgenic plants were generated, representing 3.6% transformation frequency. T(0) transgenic plants reflected Mendelian inheritance pattern of transgene segregation in T(1) progeny. PCR, RT-PCR, and Southern hybridization analysis of T(0) and T(1) transgenic plants confirmed stable integration of transgenes into the chickpea genome. The expression level of Bt-Cry protein in T(0) and T(1) transgenic chickpea plants was achieved maximum up to 116\u00a0ng\u00a0mg(-1) of soluble protein, which efficiently causes 100% mortality to second instar larvae of Helicoverpa armigera as analyzed by an insect mortality bioassay. Our results demonstrate an efficient and rapid transformation system of chickpea for producing non-chimeric transgenic plants with high frequency. These findings will certainly accelerate the development of chickpea plants with novel traits.", "11710530": "A cDNA library was constructed with mRNA extracted from TMV resistant hot pepper plants 24 and 48 h after inoculation by TMV. The library was screened differentially with radio-labeled cDNA synthesized with mRNA from the leaves of either TMV-inoculated or mock-inoculated hot pepper plants. CaSAR8.2 clone was one of the clones isolated by this differential screening. The predicted amino acid sequence of CaSAR8.2 has a homology of 52% similarity to that of tobacco SAR8.2 genes. Southern blot analysis showed that a multigene family of CaSAR8.2 was present in the hot pepper genome. Transcripts homologous to CaSAR8.2 accumulated abundantly in the leaves and the flowers, but little in other tissues. CaSAR8.2 gene expression was induced by avirulent pathotype TMV-P0 inoculation but not by virulent TMV-P1.2 inoculation. Effects of exogenously applied abiotic elicitors on CaSAR8.2 expression were also examined. Salicylic acid and ethephon treatments caused a rapid accumulation of CaSAR8.2 transcripts in pepper leaves and methyl jasmonate treatment slightly induced the expression of CaSAR8.2. A strain of Xanthomonas campestris pv. vesicatoria (Xcv) that contains an avirulence gene avrBs2, was infiltrated into the leaves of a pepper cultivar containing the Bs2 resistance gene. A marked induction of CaSAR8.2 gene expression was observed in Xcv-infiltrated leaves. These results suggest possible roles of CaSAR8.2 as pathogenesis-related protein against varieties of pathogens including virus and bacteria.", "17535051": "Patients undergoing total joint replacement procedures have a remarkably high incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ramosetron, a serotonin 5-HT(3) receptor antagonist, for the prevention of nausea and vomiting after total hip replacement.", "17604977": "Diet-induced obesity (DIO) is associated with insulin resistance in liver and muscle, but not in adipose tissue. Mice with fat-specific disruption of the gene encoding the insulin receptor are protected against DIO and glucose intolerance. In cell culture, glutamine induces insulin resistance in adipocytes, but has no effect in muscle cells. We investigated whether supplementation of a high-fat diet with glutamine induces insulin resistance in adipose tissue in the rat, improving insulin sensitivity in the whole animal.", "18296915": "Over 80 years ago, Warburg identified a particular metabolic pathway in carcinomas characterised by the anaerobic degradation of glucose even in the presence of oxygen that leads to the production of large amounts of lactate (known as the Warburg effect). Now, widespread clinical use of positron-emission tomography (PET) has confirmed that there exists enhanced glucose degradation in tumors. Recent research demonstrated that pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) was augmented in some tumors, especially non-oxidative part of PPP. The non-oxidative part of PPP is controlled by transketolase enzyme reactions. The present study designed to evaluate the effect of transketolase activity on nasopharyngeal carcinoma. It was found that the transketolase activity was significantly stronger in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma tissues than those in human chronic nasopharyngitis tissues. There is a strong upregulation of the transketolase-like-1 (TKTL1) in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma tissues and cell line (CNE), whereas transketolase (TKT) and transketolase-like-2 (TKTL2) were not upregulated. After inhibited the expression of (TKTL1) by RNAi, we found that total transketolase activity was dramatically downregulated and the proliferation of cancer cells was significantly inhibited in CNE cells. These results indicate that TKTL1 gene influences total transketolase activity and cell proliferation in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells, suggesting that TKTL1 gene plays an important role on glycometabolism in tumors and it might become a novel target for tumor gene therapy.", "11546713": "To investigate the effect of 0.2 mg x kg(-1), 0.3 mg x kg(-1) and 0.4 mg x kg(-1) urapidil on the incidence and severity of postanesthetic shivering.", "21106792": "Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans, Porphyromonas gingivalis, and Tannerella forsythia are oral pathogens associated with periodontitis. The association between these three bacteria and periodontal disease has been reported in populations of many countries. However, corresponding data in Chinese populations are still lacking. The aim of this study was to detect these pathogens in subgingival plaque collected from 468 subjects with chronic periodontitis in a group of Chinese adults by using a PCR method and to determine the degree of association between the target bacteria and periodontal status based on logistic regression analysis. A. actinomycetemcomitans, P. gingivalis, and T. forsythia were found in 20.5%, 70.7%, and 77.1% of the subjects, respectively. About one-third (36.1%) of subjects had chronic periodontitis. Upon univariate analysis, age, male gender, current smoking status, diabetes, and the presence of A. actinomycetemcomitans or P. gingivalis were positively associated with chronic periodontitis, whereas education and income exhibited inverse associations with chronic periodontitis. Upon multivariate analysis, education, current smoking status, diabetes, and the presence of A. actinomycetemcomitans and P. gingivalis remained significant. The adjusted odds ratios for having chronic periodontitis were 2.5 and 3.4 in subjects positive for A. actinomycetemcomitans and P. gingivalis, respectively. However, no significant association was observed between the presence of T. forsythia and periodontal status. This study assesses the prevalence of periodontal pathogens and chronic periodontitis and the associations with sociodemographic characteristics among this group of Chinese adults. These findings also suggest that PCR should be considered for field oral epidemiologic studies and may be necessary in investigations presenting major logistic challenges.", "26423405": "Osteosarcoma is the most common type of bone cancer in children and adolescents. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the development, differentiation, and function of different cell types and in the pathogenesis of various human diseases. miRNAs are differentially expressed in normal and cancer cells. The investigation of miRNA expression between healthy subjects and patients with osteosarcoma is crucial for future clinical trials. In this study, the expression levels of miRNAs were detected by qRT-PCR. Correlation between expression levels of tow miRNAs and different clinicopathological characteristics were analyzed using the \u03c7 (2) test. Survival rate was detected using the log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier method. qRT-PCR was shown that expression levels of miR-29b and miR-422a were strongly decreased in osteosarcoma bone tissue compared with noncancerous bone tissues. Our result indicated that the low expression levels of miR-29b and miR-422a showed strong correlation with large tumor size (P\u2009=\u20090.20; 0.029), advanced TNM stage (P\u2009=\u20090.001; 0.012), distant metastasis (P\u2009=\u20090.008; 0.019), and grade of tumor (P\u2009=\u20090.009; 0.016). Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that the low expressions of miR-29b/miR-422a were correlated with shorter time overall survival (log-rank test, P\u2009=\u20090.009; P\u2009=\u20090.013). Moreover, multivariate Cox proportional hazards model indicated that miR-29b and miR-422a (P\u2009=\u20090.024; P\u2009=\u20090.016) were independent prognostic markers of overall survival of patients. Our result indicated that downregulation of miR-29b and miR-422a may be linked to the prediction of poor prognosis, indicating that miR-29b and miR-422a may be a valuable prognostic marker for osteosarcoma patients.", "27168883": "Background\u2002Variability in case exposures has been identified for orthopaedic surgery residents. It is not known if this variability exists for peripheral nerve procedures. Objective\u2002The objective of this study was to assess ACGME case log data for graduating orthopaedic surgery, plastic surgery, general surgery, and neurological surgery residents for peripheral nerve surgical procedures and to evaluate intraspecialty and interspecialty variability in case volume. Methods\u2002Surgical case logs from 2009 to 2014 for the 4 specialties were compared for peripheral nerve surgery experience. Peripheral nerve case volume between specialties was performed utilizing a paired t test, 95% confidence intervals were calculated, and linear regression was calculated to assess the trends. Results\u2002The average number of peripheral nerve procedures performed per graduating resident was 54.2 for orthopaedic surgery residents, 62.8 for independent plastic surgery residents, 84.6 for integrated plastic surgery residents, 22.4 for neurological surgery residents, and 0.4 for surgery residents. Intraspecialty comparison of the 10th and 90th percentile peripheral nerve case volume in 2012 revealed remarkable variability in training. There was a 3.9-fold difference within orthopaedic surgery, a 5.0-fold difference within independent plastic surgery residents, an 8.8-fold difference for residents from integrated plastic surgery programs, and a 7.0-fold difference within the neurological surgery group. Conclusions\u2002There is interspecialty and intraspecialty variability in peripheral nerve surgery volume for orthopaedic, plastic, neurological, and general surgery residents. Caseload is not the sole determinant of training quality as mentorship, didactics, case breadth, and complexity play an important role in training. ", "15872124": "Injection pain is a well-known adverse effect of propofol which distresses patients. Lidocaine pretreatment is the most popular method for reducing this pain but this drug cannot entirely eliminate the problem. The purpose of this study was to examine the analgesic effect of lidocaine/metoclopramide combination, compared with lidocaine alone, during propofol injection.", "17535111": "Drosophila cryptochrome (CRY) is a key circadian photoreceptor that interacts with the period and timeless proteins (PER and TIM) in a light-dependent manner. We show here that a heat pulse also mediates this interaction, and heat-induced phase shifts are severely reduced in the cryptochrome loss-of-function mutant cry(b). The period mutant per(L) manifests a comparable CRY dependence and dramatically enhanced temperature sensitivity of biochemical interactions and behavioral phase shifting. Remarkably, CRY is also critical for most of the abnormal temperature compensation of per(L) flies, because a per(L); cry(b) strain manifests nearly normal temperature compensation. Finally, light and temperature act together to affect rhythms in wild-type flies. The results indicate a role for CRY in circadian temperature as well as light regulation and suggest that these two features of the external 24-h cycle normally act together to dictate circadian phase.", "19607689": "Opioid analgesics are generally used to combat the pain associated with cancerous conditions. These agents not only inhibit respiratory function and cause constipation, but also induce other significant side effects such as addiction and tolerance, all of which further contribute to a reduced quality of life for cancer patients. Thus, in the present study, the effects of electro-acupuncture treatment (EA) on mechanical allodynia were examined in a cancer pain mouse model.", "11948187": "Akt2 is a member of the Akt/PKB family, which is involved in a variety of cellular events including cell survival, proliferation, and differentiation. During skeletal muscle differentiation, the Akt2 but not Akt1 expression was significantly increased. Microinjection of anti-Akt2 but not anti-Akt1 antibody efficiently abrogated myogenesis, indicating that Akt2 plays a specific role in muscle differentiation. It has been well documented that ectopic expression of MyoD is sufficient to induce muscle differentiation in myoblasts. However, the mechanism of induction of Akt2 during muscle differentiation and the significance of Akt2 protein in MyoD-induced myogenesis are largely unknown. In this study, we provide direct evidence that Akt2 is transcriptionally regulated by MyoD and activates MyoD-myocyte enhancer binding factor-2 (MEF2) transactivation activity. The Akt2 promoter was isolated and found to contain nine putative E-boxes (CANNTG), which are putative MyoD binding sites. Electrophoretic mobility shift analyses revealed that MyoD bound to eight of the sites. The expression of MyoD significantly enhanced Akt2 promoter activity and up-regulated Akt2 mRNA and protein levels. Moreover, Akt2 but not Akt1 was activated during differentiation. The expression of Akt2 activated MyoD-MEF2 transcriptional activity and induced myogenin expression. These data indicate that there is a positive feedback regulation loop between Akt2 and MyoD-MEF2 during muscle differentiation, which is essential for MyoD-induced myogenesis.", "24940708": "The realization of arrays of high-aspect-ratio nitrogen-doped ZnO (NZO) nanorod is critical to the development of high-quality nanostructure-based optoelectronic and electronic devices. In this study, we used a solution-based method to grow arrays of vertically aligned high-aspect-ratio NZO nanorods on ZnO seed layer covered fluorine-doped tin oxide substrates. We investigated whether the diameters and aspect ratios of the nanorods were affected by the addition of polyethylenimine (PEI) to the precursor solution used as well as by variations in the growth temperature and the concentration of the precursor solution. The performances of dye-sensitized solar cells (DSSCs) in which the synthesized high-aspect-ratio NZO nanorods were used as the photoanode material were also studied. That the dopant, nitrogen, was introduced into the ZnO lattice was confirmed using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy. It was seen that after the addition of PEI, the NZO and ZnO nanorod arrays increased in length and their diameters became smaller (i.e., their aspect ratios increased). This resulted in an increase in the amount of dye absorbed by them, leading to improvements in the DSSCs based on the nanorods. The structural, morphological, optical, and photovoltaic characteristics of ZnO and NZO nanorod arrays synthesized using different precursor concentrations and growth temperatures (160-190 \u00b0C) were also examined. We also investigated the effect of the use of PEI on these characteristics. The power conversion efficiency (PCE) of DSSCs fabricated using the NZO nanorod arrays was found to be significantly higher than that of DSSCs based on the pure ZnO nanorod arrays. This increase in efficiency could be attributed to the combined effects of the increase in the charge-carrier concentration, change in morphology, and increase in the Fermi energy levels of the nanorods, which resulted because of N doping. A PCE of 5.0% was obtained for a DSSC based on a film of arrays of NZO nanorods having an aspect ratio of \u223c47 and synthesized using PEI. ", "17182885": "Oxidized LDL (oxLDL) are cytotoxic to vascular cells, but their possible toxic action on T cells from patients with ESRD has not been evaluated. oxLDL concentrations were measured and compared in patients who were on long-term hemodialysis (HD), in patients who had ESRD and were on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis, in nondialyzed patients with chronic kidney disease, and in age- and gender-matched control subjects. In parallel, the proliferative capacity of CD69+/CD4+ T cells and their rate of apoptosis, IL-2 expression, and intracellular expression of Bcl-2 and Bax were determined in vitro. The oxLDL concentrations were significantly higher in HD patients (all P = 0.001). Upon phytohemagglutinin stimulation, CD69+/CD4+ T cells from HD patients proliferated significantly less than those from the other patients' group (both P < 0.001). oxLDL but not the native LDL were led to CD69+/CD4+ T cells' program cell death in a dosage- and time-dependent manner through Fas pathway (P = 0.001). Cell surface Fas expression was followed by DNA fragmentation when CD69+/CD4+ T cells from HD patients or control subjects were cultured with oxLDL (200 microg/ml; 31 +/- 3 versus 25 +/- 3%; P = 0.001). In the presence of oxLDL, CD69+/CD4+ T cells from HD patients expressed significantly lower IL-2 levels, which strongly correlated with a decrease in the antiapoptotic Bcl-2 and conversely with an increase in the proapoptotic Bax expression. In conclusion, these data suggest that, in HD patients, exposure of activated CD4+ T cells to oxLDL leads to Fas-mediated apoptosis in association with inhibition of IL-2 expression. Subsequently, this may favor activation of mitochondria-dependent apoptotic pathways, leading to activated CD4+ T cell dysfunction.", "18018483": "Lewy bodies (LBs) are hallmark lesions in the brains of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) and dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB). We raised a monoclonal antibody LB509 against purified LBs from the brains of patients with DLB that strongly immunolabled LBs, and found that alpha-synuclein is one of the major components of LBs. Thus, the deposition of alpha-synuclein, an abundant presynaptic brain protein, as fibrillary aggregates in affected neurons or glial cells, was highlighted as a hallmark lesion of a subset of neurodegenerative disorders, including PD, DLB and multiple system atrophy collectively referred to as synucleinopathies. Importantly, the identification of missense mutations in and multiplication of alpha-synuclein gene in some pedigrees of familial PD has strongly implicated alpha-synuclein in the pathogenesis of PD and other synucleinopathies. We then examined the specific posttranslational modifications that characterize and underlie the aggregation of alpha-synuclein in synucleinopathy brains by mass spectrometry and using a specific antibody, and found that serine 129 of alpha-synuclein deposited in synucleinopathy lesions is selectively and extensively phosphorylated. Furthermore we generated transgenic C. elegans overexpressing alpha-synuclein in neurons, and found that overexpression of familial PD-linked mutant form of alpha-synuclein impairs functions of dopamine neurons. These findings collectively underscore the importance of deposition of alpha-synuclein as well as its phosphorylation in the pathogenesis of alpha-synucleinopathies.", "7614644": "The prophylactic antiemetic efficacy of combined granisetron and dexamethasone was evaluated in a randomized double-blind manner in 88 patients undergoing general anaesthesia for major gynaecological surgery. Immediately after recovery from anaesthesia, patients received a single dose of either placebo (saline, n = 22), granisetron (20 micrograms.kg-1, n = 22), dexamethasone (8 mg, n = 22) or combined granisetron and dexamethasone (20 micrograms.kg-1 and 8 mg, respectively, n = 22) iv. The treatment groups were similar for patient demography, surgical procedures, anaesthetics administered and opioids given. Postoperatively, the frequency of nausea was 32%, 23%, 27% and 5% after administration of placebo, granisetron, dexamethasone and granisetron plus dexamethasone, respectively; the corresponding frequencies of vomiting were 23%, 23%, 23% and 5%. The incidence of adverse events postoperatively were not different among the groups. It is concluded that prophylactic administration of combined granisetron and dexamethasone is effective in preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting after anaesthesia.", "15642807": "Postoperative vomiting (POV) after pediatric strabismus surgery remains a major problem.", "25596088": "Cisplatin (CP) is a remarkably effective Pt-based anticancer drug, but it also exhibits severe toxic side effects, including nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity, and CP nephrotoxicity is a major constraint for the treatment of solid tumors. This study was designed to evaluate the electrolyte and biochemical changes in dogs with acute kidney injury (acute renal failure) following administration of CP as a chemotherapeutic agent to exhibit broad efficacy in solid tumors. A total of 10 adult male dogs were selected (treated dogs\u2009=\u20097 and control dogs\u2009=\u20093). Cisplatin-treated animals were received 0.75 mg/kg via intravenous for 5 consecutive days. Urine and blood samples on days 0 (pre-dosing), 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 10, 14, and 28 (post-dosing) were collected. For tracking the signs of toxicity with cisplatin, clinical examination was performed for 2 times a day. Serum samples were assayed urea, creatinine, sodium, chloride, potassium, calcium, phosphorus, and urine samples were used to measure creatinine. Serum creatinine levels indicating renal function (glomerular filtration rate) was 0.66 and 0.94 mg/dL in day 0, respectively, in treatment and control animals. After day 2, a significant change in creatinine was observed in treatment animals. On the end day of the study control and treatments, creatinine was measured with mean of 1.35 and 1.00 mg/dL, respectively. Electrolyte disturbances were observed after several days of cisplatin administration including changes in levels of sodium, potassium, phosphorus, calcium, and chloride. Clinical observations also identified CP toxicity. This study for the first time showed that compensation electrolyte abnormalities in dogs following administration of cisplatin is essential to prevent deaths by daily monitoring and measurement of electrolytes in patients. This may be advantageous if repetitive cycles of chemotherapy or subsequent administration of high dose chemotherapy were planned.", "27373757": "Prenatal dexamethasone (DEX) treatment in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) is effective in reducing virilization in affected girls, but other lasting effects are largely unknown. Here, we explore potential side effects of the treatment that will eventually help to make risk benefit analyses of the treatment. Therefore, we investigated the long-term effects of such prenatal DEX treatment on behavioral problems and temperament in children aged 7-17years. Standardized parent-completed questionnaires were used to evaluate adaptive functioning, behavioral and emotional problems (using CBCL), social anxiety (SPAI-C-P), and temperament (EAS). Self-reports were used to assess the children's own perception of social anxiety (SASC-R). The study compared 34 DEX-treated children and adolescents who were treated during the first trimester of fetal life and do not have CAH with 66 untreated controls from the Swedish population. No statistically significant differences were found between groups, suggesting that healthy children who were treated with DEX during early fetal life seem to be well adjusted without major behavioral or emotional problems as assessed by their parents. Moreover, self-reported social anxiety was not increased in DEX-exposed children and adolescents. In fact, the control group scored higher on items assessing anxiety in new, social situations. Nevertheless, for some of these comparisons, non-significant moderate to large effect sizes were observed, implying that the null findings should be interpreted with caution and require studies on larger, internationally combined cohorts.", "10735806": "This placebo-controlled study was performed to evaluate the efficacy of urapidil compared with clonidine and meperidine in preventing postanesthetic shivering, which is common after anesthesia administration and may be very distressing. We studied 120 patients undergoing elective abdominal or orthopedic surgery under standardized general anesthesia. After surgery, patients were randomly assigned to one of four groups (each group n = 30) using a double-blinded protocol: Group A received 0.2 mg/kg urapidil; Group B, 3 microg/kg clonidine; Group C, 0.4 mg/kg meperidine; and Group D, saline 0.9% as placebo. Postanesthetic shivering was scored by using a five-point scale. Clonidine and meperidine significantly reduced the incidence and the severity of shivering in comparison with placebo, whereas there were no significant differences between the urapidil and placebo groups. Both clonidine and meperidine caused a significantly prolonged emergence time (13.4 +/- 5.8 and 13. 3 +/- 5.0 min, respectively) compared with placebo (10.4 +/- 5.3 min) and urapidil (11.4 +/- 2.9 min). We confirmed that both clonidine and meperidine are effective in preventing postanesthetic shivering, whereas urapidil, in our setting and dosage, was not effective. Patients who received clonidine or meperidine had a prolonged emergence time. In the dosage used, urapidil seems to be unable to prevent postanesthetic shivering.", "23908550": "This systematic review was conducted to summarize the use of circulating tumour cell (CTC) detection as a prognostic indicator in gastric cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).", "2478292": "Experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) results from T helper (TH) cell recognition of myelin basic protein (MBP). We have characterized TH cell reactivity in B10.PL and PL/J (H-2u) mice to 39 N-terminal MBP peptide derivatives of different lengths and with individual amino acid substitutions. The peptide determinant of murine MBP can be divided into a minimal stimulatory core region (residues 1-6) and a tail region (residues 7-20) that alters the structure of the core region to affect both T cell recognition and MHC binding. Core recognition by B10.PL and PL/J mice is highly similar but in one case strain dependent. Peptide analogs that do not stimulate MBP-specific TH cells but bind to the I-Au molecule competitively inhibit T cell reactivity to MBP in vitro and prevent the induction of EAE in vivo.", "17043678": "The relationship between chronic prostatitis and fertility has been disputed for many years. Several groups have shown infection and autoimmune response against prostate antigens could have a deleterious effect on semen quality and fertility. This study was conducted to test the hypothesis that Omi/HtrA2-induced apoptosis in chronic prostatitis could be a mechanism underlying the observed clinical benefit. The Omi/HtrA2 serine protease is a nuclear-encoded mitochondrial protein, which can be released from mitochondria into the cytosol after apoptosis stimuli, inducing apoptosis in caspase-dependent and independent manners. Forty-one patients diagnosed as suffering from chronic prostatitis were included. Healthy normal individuals were included as controls. Human spermatozoa in the semen were purified by Percoll-gradient technique to separate the seminal plasma and other round cells. Measurements for sperm concentration, motility, morphology, proinflammatory cytokines, Omi/HtrA2 mRNA and protein levels in spermatozoa of chronic protatitis patients, were performed accordingly. Significantly increased levels of proinflammatory cytokines were detected in seminal plasma from these prostatitis patients. Omi/HtrA2 mRNA and protein levels were significantly higher in prostatitis men than in normal men. This study shows that chronic prostatitis patients present important alterations in their semen quality parameters, Omi/HtrA2 mRNA and protein levels of spermatozoa. We speculate that the inflammatory process involved may affect male fertility by release of proapoptotic protein Omi/HtrA2.", "23744736": "Electrospinning is one of the most simple and effective methods to prepare polymer fibers with the diameters ranging from nanometer to several micrometers. Poly(L-lactide)-co-poly (\u025b-caprolactone) (P(LLA-CL)) fibers and P(LLA-CL)/heparin coaxial composite fibers herein were successfully prepared by single electrospinning and coaxial electrospinning, respectively. The prepared endothelialized P(LLA-CL) and P(LLA-CL)/heparin vascular grafts were used in the Beagle dogs experiment to evaluate the feasibility of thus made different scaffolds for substitution of dog femoral artery in early period, medium term, and long term, meanwhile the pure P(LLA-CL) vascular graft was used as the control group during all the experiments. The animal model was established by using the graft materials to anastomose both femoral arteries of dogs. The vascular grafts patency rates (i.e., the unobstructed capacity of blood vessel) were detected by color Doppler flow imaging technology and digital subtraction angiography. To observe the histological morphology at different periods, the vascular grafts were removed after 7, 14, and 30 days, and the corresponding histological changes were evaluated by hematoxylin and eosin staining. The experimental results show that in the early period, the patency rates of pure P(LLA-CL) graft, endothelial P(LLA-CL) graft, and P(LLA-CL)/heparin graft were 75%, 75%, and 100%, respectively; in the medium term, the patency rates of pure P(LLA-CL) graft and endothelial P(LLA-CL) graft were 25%, whereas that of P(LLA-CL)/heparin graft was 50%; the patency rates of pure P(LLA-CL) graft and endothelial P(LLA-CL) graft were down to 0%, whereas the patency rate of P(LLA-CL)/heparin graft was 25% in the long term. This preliminary study has demonstrated that P(LLA-CL)/heparin coaxial composite fiber maybe a reliable artificial graft for the replacement of femoral artery. \u00a9 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Biomed Mater Res Part B: Appl Biomater, 2013. ", "16920823": "Dysregulation of beta-catenin signaling has been implicated in the malignant transformation of cells. However, the role of beta-catenin in the human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1)-induced transformation of T cells is unknown. Here we found that beta-catenin protein was overexpressed in the nucleus and that beta-catenin-dependent transcription was significantly enhanced in Tax-positive HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines compared to that in Tax-negative HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines. Transfection with beta-catenin-specific small interfering RNA inhibited the growth of the Tax-positive HTLV-1-infected T-cell line HUT-102. Transient transfection of Tax appeared to enhance beta-catenin-dependent transcription by stabilizing the beta-catenin protein via activation of the cyclic AMP (cAMP) response element-binding protein. HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines overexpressing beta-catenin also showed increased Akt activity via Tax activation of the cAMP response element-binding protein, resulting in the phosphorylation and inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta, which phosphorylates beta-catenin for ubiquitination. The phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor LY294002 reduced beta-catenin expression in Tax-positive T-cell lines, and inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta by lithium chloride restored beta-catenin expression in Tax-negative T-cell lines. Finally, we showed that dominant-negative Akt inhibited Tax-induced beta-catenin-dependent transcription. These results indicate that Tax activates beta-catenin through the Akt signaling pathway. Our findings suggest that activation of beta-catenin by Tax may be important in the transformation of T cells by HTLV-1 infection.", "11518677": "The activation of a self-amplifying cascade of caspases, of which caspase-8 is the apical protease, mediates Fas-, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL)-, and TNF-alpha-induced apoptosis in colon cell lines. Nitric oxide (NO) protects from apoptosis induced by Fas and TNF-alpha. We examined whether NCX-456, an NO-releasing derivative of mesalamine, protects colon epithelial cells from cytokine-induced apoptosis. Caco-2 and HT-29 cell lines express death factor receptors and are driven to apoptosis in response to incubation with Fas-agonistic antibody, TNF-alpha/interferon-gamma, and TRAIL. The two novel observations reported here are that 1) cotreatment of cells with NCX-456, but not mesalamine, resulted in concentration-dependent protection against death factor-induced apoptosis and inhibition of caspase activity, and 2) exposure to dithiothreitol, an agent that effectively removes NO from thiol groups, resulted in a 70% recovery of caspase activity, which is consistent with S-nitrosation as a major mechanism for caspase inactivation. These data suggest that caspase S-nitrosation represents a mechanism for protection of colonic mucosal epithelial cells from death factor-induced death.", "15535488": "We undertook a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to examine the efficacy of metoclopramide at three different doses (2.5 mg, 5 mg, 10 mg) for reducing pain on injection of propofol in 100 patients scheduled for elective surgery. Patients received intravenously the study drug, with venous occlusion for one minute, followed by propofol 2 mg/kg into a dorsal hand vein. The incidence of pain was significantly less in patients receiving metoclopramide 5 mg (32%) or 10 mg (28%) than in patients receiving placebo (80%) (P<0.01). No difference between metoclopramide 2.5 mg and the placebo groups was found. We conclude that pretreatment of a dorsal hand vein with metoclopramide in a dose of 5 or 10 mg, with venous occlusion for one minute, effectively decreases the incidence of pain caused by propofol injection.", "23859461": "Glioblastomas are lethal brain tumors that resist current cytostatic therapies. Vitamin C may antagonize the effects of reactive oxygen species (ROS) generating therapies; however, it is often used to reduce therapy-related side effects despite its effects on therapy or tumor growth. Because the mechanisms of vitamin C uptake in gliomas are currently unknown, we evaluated the expression of the sodium-vitamin C cotransporter (SVCT) and facilitative hexose transporter (GLUT) families in human glioma cells. In addition, as microglial cells can greatly infiltrate high-grade gliomas (constituting up to 45% of cells in glioblastomas), the effect of TC620 glioma cell interactions with microglial-like HL60 cells on vitamin C uptake (Bystander effect) was determined. Although glioma cells expressed high levels of the SVCT isoform-2 (SVCT2), low functional activity, intracellular localization and the expression of the dominant-negative isoform (dnSVCT2) were observed. The increased glucose metabolic activity of glioma cells was evident by the high 2-Deoxy-d-glucose and dehydroascorbic acid (DHA) uptake rates through the GLUT isoform-1 (GLUT1), the main DHA transporter in glioblastoma. Co-culture of glioma cells and activated microglial-like HL60 cells resulted in extracellular ascorbic acid oxidation and high DHA uptake by glioma cells. This Bystander effect may explain the high antioxidative potential observed in high-grade gliomas. This study strongly suggests that the Bystander effect, that is, glioma cell interaction with oxidant-producing microglia, could be an important mechanism for glioma vitamin C loading in the absence of functional sodium-vitamin C cotransporter 2 (SVCT2) expression. The high cellular vitamin C load in glioma cells results from a high uptake of extracellular dehydroascorbic acid (DHA) generated by neighboring microglia. This Bystander effect may explain the high antioxidative potential observed in high-grade gliomas, considering that high-grade gliomas may be the only neoplasm where oxidant-producing microglia can almost equal the number of tumor cells. ", "17576198": "HTLV-1 (human T-cell leukaemia virus type 1) is the causative agent for ATL (adult T-cell leukaemia). HTLV-1 Tax can activate the PI3K (phosphoinositide 3-kinase)/Akt signalling pathway, which is responsible for survival of HTLV-1-infected T-cells. HIFs (hypoxia-inducible factors) are transcriptional regulators that play a central role in the response to hypoxia. Overexpression of HIF-1alpha in many cancers is associated with a poor response to treatment and increased patient mortality. Our objectives in the present study were to investigate whether HIF-1 was activated in HTLV-1-infected T-cells and to elucidate the molecular mechanisms of HIF-1 activation by focusing on the PI3K/Akt signalling pathway. We detected a potent pathway that activated HIF-1 in the HTLV-1-infected T-cells under a normal oxygen concentration. Enhanced HIF-1alpha protein expression and HIF-1 DNA-binding activity were exhibited in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines. Knockdown of HIF-1alpha by siRNA (small interfering RNA) suppressed the growth and VEGF (vascular endothelial growth factor) expression of the HTLV-1-infected T-cell line. HIF-1 protein accumulation and transcriptional activity were enhanced by Tax, which was inhibited by dominant-negative Akt. Importantly, mutant forms of Tax that are defective in activation of the PI3K/Akt pathway failed to induce HIF-1 transcriptional activity. The PI3K inhibitor LY294002 suppressed HIF-1alpha protein expression, HIF-1 DNA-binding and HIF-1 transcriptional activity in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines. In primary ATL cells, HIF-1alpha protein levels were strongly correlated with levels of phosphorylated Akt. The results of the present study suggest that PI3K/Akt activation induced by Tax leads to activation of HIF-1. As HIF-1 plays a major role in tumour progression, it may represent a molecular target for the development of novel ATL therapeutics.", "17690890": "Expression and overexpression of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) have been described in several solid tumors including bladder, breast, colorectal, NSCLC, prostate, and ovarian cancers. In addition to gene amplification, point mutations within the kinase domain also occur. Previous reports indicate that the patient's response to gefitinib depends on either the presence of mutations within the kinase domain of EGFR or the expression of the most frequent alteration, the truncated EGFR variant III (EGFRvIII). Therefore, it is important to determine if these EGFR alterations are present in urothelial carcinoma. The kinase domain of EGFR (exons 18-21) from 11 bladder cancer cell lines as well as from 75 patient tumors was analyzed by automated sequencing. No mutations were detected in all samples tested. Furthermore, analysis of EGFRvIII by immunohistochemistry revealed that almost half of all the patient samples expressed this truncation in a urothelial carcinoma tissue microarray. However, there have been previous reports of inconsistencies in detecting EGFRvIII by immunohistochemistry owing to the specificity of the antibodies and the methodologies utilized. Therefore, these results were validated by reverse transcription PCR, real-time PCR and western blot analysis. In these assays, none of the samples tested positive for EGFRvIII. Taken together, these results indicate that mutations within the tyrosine kinase domain of EGFR and expression of EGFRvIII are rare events in bladder cancer and therefore do not contribute to the malignant phenotype of this tumor. These results have clinical implications in selecting tyrosine kinase inhibitors for the therapy of urothelial carcinoma.", "20066585": "Schizophrenic treatment was developed during the second half of the last century, mainly within the context of the development of antipsychotic drugs. Even though there has been significant progress due to the availability and use of multiple drugs, these can still be classified into three basic groups of antipsychotic drugs (atypical antipsychotics, typical antipsychotics and dopamine partial agonist antipsychotics). Their primary antipsychotic mechanism is still the action on the dopamine systems. Many of the second-generation antipsychotics are believed to offer advantages over first-generation agents in the treatment for schizophrenia. However, the drug properties that provide the different therapeutic effects from those of the first generation are not clear and some adverse effects may still affect the patient's health and quality of life. Furthermore, the efficacy of the antipsychotics is limited. This has led to the use of adjuvant medications to strengthen the treatment effects. On the other hand, work is being done on the development of new research lines to develop new non-dopaminergic antipsychotic drugs, with not very successful results. The aim of this paper is to make a brief review on the current therapeutic armamentarium for schizophrenia, the strategies to develop drugs, and theories of mechanisms of action of antipsychotics. Emphasis is placed on the new therapeutic targets for the development of future treatments.", "15970594": "Dietary free fatty acids have been reported to have various effects on the endothelium including the generation of nitric oxide. The goal of the current study was to determine the mechanism whereby free fatty acid causes an increase in nitric oxide synthesis. The specific hypothesis tested was that free fatty acid association with CD36, a class B scavenger receptor, induces the activation of endothelial nitric-oxide synthase (eNOS). A human microvascular endothelial cell line and a transfected Chinese hamster ovary cell system were used to determine which free fatty acids stimulate eNOS. Surprisingly, only myristic acid, and to a lesser extent palmitic acid, stimulated eNOS. The stimulation of eNOS was dose- and time-dependent. Competition experiments with other free fatty acids and with a CD36-blocking antibody demonstrated that the effects of myristic acid on eNOS required association with CD36. Further mechanistic studies demonstrated that the effects of myristic acid on eNOS function were not dependent on PI 3-kinase, Akt kinase, or calcium. Pharmacological studies and dominant negative constructs were used to demonstrate that myristic acid/CD36 stimulation of eNOS activity was dependent on the activation of AMP kinase. These data demonstrate an unexpected link among myristic acid, CD36, AMP kinase, and eNOS activity.", "23064867": "This survey-based study examined which information urologists extract from prostate needle biopsy reports and what is needed for clinical management of prostate cancer patients.", "16372008": "Dance is believed to be important in the courtship of a variety of species, including humans, but nothing is known about what dance reveals about the underlying phenotypic--or genotypic--quality of the dancer. One measure of quality in evolutionary studies is the degree of bodily symmetry (fluctuating asymmetry, FA), because it measures developmental stability. Does dance quality reveal FA to the observer and is the effect stronger for male dancers than female? To answer these questions, we chose a population that has been measured twice for FA since 1996 (ref. 9) in a society (Jamaican) in which dancing is important in the lives of both sexes. Motion-capture cameras created controlled stimuli (in the form of videos) that isolated dance movements from all other aspects of visual appearance (including FA), and the same population evaluated these videos for dancing ability. Here we report that there are strong positive associations between symmetry and dancing ability, and these associations were stronger in men than in women. In addition, women rate dances by symmetrical men relatively more positively than do men, and more-symmetrical men value symmetry in women dancers more than do less-symmetrical men. In summary, dance in Jamaica seems to show evidence of sexual selection and to reveal important information about the dancer.", "24465718": "Angiopoietin-like 4 (ANGPTL4) is a potential anti-apoptotic agent for various cells. We examined the protective effect of ANGPTL4 on hypoxia/serum deprivation (SD)-induced apoptosis of MSCs, as well as the possible mechanisms. MSCs were obtained from rat bone marrow and cultured in vitro. Apoptosis was induced by hypoxia/SD for up to 24 hr, and assessed by flow cytometry and TUNEL assay. Expression levels of Akt, ERK1/2, focal adhesion kinase (FAK), Src, Bcl-2, Bax, cytochrome C and cleaved caspase-3 were detected by Western blotting. Integrin \u03b21 mRNA was detected by qRT-PCR. Mitochondrial membrane potential was assayed using a membrane-permeable dye. Hypoxia/SD-induced apoptosis was significantly attenuated by recombinant rat ANGPTL4 in a concentration dependent manner. Moreover, ANGPTL4 decreased the hypoxia/SD-induced caspase-3 cleavage and the cytochrome C release, but increased the Bcl-2/Bax ratio and the mitochondrial membrane potential. Decreased expression of integrin \u03b21, the ANGPTL4 receptor was observed during hypoxia/SD conditions, however, such decrease was reversed by ANGPTL4. In addition, ANGPTL4 induced integrin \u03b21-associated FAK and Src phosphorylation, which was blocked by anti-integrin \u03b21 antibody. ANGPTL4 also reversed the hypoxia/SD-induced decrease of Akt and ERK 1/2 phosphorylation, and the effect of ANGPTL4 was abolished by inhibitors of either integrins, ERK1/2, or phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K). Blocking integrin\u03b21, Akt or ERK largely attenuated anti-apoptotic effect of ANGPTL4. ANGPTL4 protects MSCs from hypoxia/SD-induced apoptosis by interacting with integrins to stimulate FAK complex, leading to downstream ERK1/2 and PI3K/Akt signaling pathways and mimicking the pathway in which MSCs contact with the extracellular matrix. ", "12538174": "In this prospective, randomized study, we compared hemodynamics, oxygenation, possible intraoperative awareness, and costs in 62 patients undergoing first-time elective coronary artery bypass grafting at 2 different levels of anesthesia. Depth of anesthesia was assessed with bispectral index (BIS). All patients were anesthetized with sufentanil/midazolam. The dosage of sufentanil/midazolam was adjusted to achieve a BIS level of 45-55 in 32 patients (Group BIS 50), whereas in 30 patients a BIS level of 35-45 was intended (Group BIS 40). Data were obtained at six different time points before, during, and after surgery. All patients were asked about possible intraoperative awareness on the third postoperative day. There were no significant differences of any hemodynamic or oxygenation variables at any time between the two groups. BIS 40 patients received significantly (P < 0.05) more sufentanil (BIS 40, 888 +/- 211 microg; BIS 50, 514 +/- 99 microg) and midazolam (BIS 40, 22.4 +/- 5.6 mg; BIS 50, 16.6 +/- 3.7 mg) than BIS 50 patients. The reduction in anesthetic drugs used saved euro;13.78/US$12.54 per patient (P < 0.05) in Group BIS 50, but one BIS electrode caused additional costs of 19.95 Euros/18.15 US dollars. Time to extubation was not significantly prolonged in Group BIS 40 (BIS 40, 14.3 +/- 4.6 h; BIS 50, 11.8 +/- 3.8 h). There was no explicit memory during anesthesia in either group. BIS-guided reduction of anesthetic medication saved costs and did not increase the risk of intraoperative awareness. However, total costs were increased by monitoring BIS, because of the BIS electrodes.", "23671108": "A unique anti-inflammatory property of IgG, independent of antigen specificity, is described. IgG with modification of the heavy-chain glycan on asparagine 297 by the streptococcal enzyme endo-\u03b2-N-acetylglucosaminidase (EndoS) induced a dominant suppression of immune complex (IC)-mediated inflammation, such as arthritis, through destabilization of local ICs by fragment crystallizable-fragment crystallizable (Fc-Fc) interactions. Small amounts (250 \u00b5g) of EndoS-hydrolyzed IgG were sufficient to inhibit arthritis in mice and most effective during the formation of ICs in the target tissue. The presence of EndoS-hydrolyzed IgG disrupted larger IC lattice formation both in vitro and in vivo, as visualized with anti-C3b staining. Neither complement binding in vitro nor antigen-antibody binding per se was affected.", "19657031": "Activity and protein synthesis act cooperatively to generate persistent changes in synaptic responses. This forms the basis for enduring memory in adults. Activity also shapes neural circuits developmentally, but whether protein synthesis plays a congruent function in this process is poorly understood. Here, we show that brief periods of global or local protein synthesis inhibition decrease the synaptic vesicles available for fusion and increase synapse elimination. Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) is a critical target; its levels are controlled by rapid turnover, and blocking its activity or knocking it down recapitulates the effects of protein synthesis inhibition. Mature presynaptic terminals show decreased sensitivity to protein synthesis inhibition, and resistance coincides with a developmental switch in regulation from CaMKII to PKA (protein kinase A). These findings demonstrate a novel mechanism regulating presynaptic activity and synapse elimination during development, and suggest that protein translation acts coordinately with activity to selectively stabilize appropriate synaptic interactions.", "10195272": "Emission models developed using small chamber data were combined with an Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) model to analyze the impact of volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions from latex paint on indoor environments. Test house experiments were conducted to verify the IAQ model's predictions. The agreement between model predictions and experimental measurements met the American Society for Testing and Materials criteria for model verification in the room with the source and met most of the requirements in other rooms. The major cause of disagreement between the model predictions and the experimental data in the test house appears to be an inadequate sink model.", "27177293": "Epidemiological studies suggest that postmenopausal estrogen deficiency is responsible for the increased risk of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage, while menopausal hormone therapy is protective against cerebral aneurysms. These findings indicate the critical role of estrogen in the pathophysiology of cerebral aneurysm.", "24408401": "Endogenous insulin secretion, measured by C-peptide area under the curve (AUC), can be tested using both the glucagon stimulation test (GST) and the mixed-meal tolerance test (MMTT). This study compares these two stimulation methods using long-term data from patients newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes or with latent autoimmune diabetes.", "16322903": "Prostate cancer is a well known cause of spinal column metastases; however, an intradural location is extremely rare. It is considered to be a type of leptomeningeal spread. Cerebral seeding has usually occurred by the time of presentation. Due to a poor prognosis, surgery is rarely indicated, and controversially discussed.", "9392479": "Insulin initiates its metabolic and growth-promoting effects by binding to the alpha subunit of its receptor, thereby activating the kinase in the beta subunit. This event leads to tyrosyl phosphorylation of its cytosolic substrate, insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS-1), which in turn associates with and activates phosphatidylinositol (PI) 3-kinase. The clinical use of ACE inhibitors has been associated with increased insulin sensitivity. However, the exact molecular mechanism is unknown. In the present study, we examined the phosphorylation status of the insulin receptor and IRS-1, as well as the association between IRS-1 and PI 3-kinase in the liver and muscle of 20-month-old rats treated acutely with captopril, using immunoprecipitation with antipeptide antibodies to the insulin receptor and IRS-1, and immunoblotting with antiphosphotyrosine and anti-PI 3-kinase antibodies. Insulin stimulation increased receptor autophosphorylation to 462 +/- 253% (P < 0.05) in the liver and 697 +/- 78% (P < 0.001) in the muscle of ACE inhibitor-treated rats. There were also increases to 250 +/- 17% (P < 0.001) and 280 +/- 50% (P < 0.05) in the insulin-stimulated IRS-1 phosphorylation levels in the liver and muscle, respectively, of animals treated with captopril. The insulin-stimulated IRS-1 association with PI 3-kinase rose to 305 +/- 20% (P < 0.001) in liver and 267 +/- 48% (P < 0.05) in muscle. Losartan, an ANG receptor blocker, had no significant effect on insulin-stimulated IRS-1 phosphorylation in both tissues. The acute administration of bradykinin increased insulin-stimulated tyrosine phosphorylation of the insulin receptor and IRS-1 in the liver and muscle. These data demonstrate that ACE inhibitors modulate the early steps of insulin signaling, and that this effect may be simulated by the administration of bradykinin.", "8393056": "AD169, a well-characterized laboratory strain of human cytomegalovirus (HCMV), was used to establish an animal model of progressive HCMV chorioretinal disease by injection of 10(5) pfu into the rabbit vitreous. Chorioretinal, vitreous, and pulmonary disease were monitored by HCMV recovery, clinical observation, antigen localization, and histopathology. Vitritis and focal areas of immune cellular infiltrates were seen in inner retinal layers on days 2-4 after inoculation. Disease progressed with more severe vitritis and to involve the outer retinal layers in areas of mixed monocytic cellular infiltrates, retinal destruction, choroidal edema, and congestion. HCMV was recovered from chorioretinal cell sonicate cultures in titers ranging from 10(4) to 10(5) pfu during peak disease, and HCMV antigens were detected focally by immunofluorescence in retinal layers on days 2 and 4 after inoculation. A rabbit model of HCMV chorioretinitis similar to human CMV disease allows investigation of HCMV pathogenesis and new antiviral therapies and evaluation of immune system modulation of the HCMV ocular infection.", "20066669": "The aim of the study was to identify the main determinants of grassroots project success among HIV/AIDS NGOs operating in Rakai, Uganda. It was a cross-sectional study using face-to-face interviews in a mixed-methods approach among community members and NGOs involved in providing HIV/AIDS and related health services. The study found that the success of grassroots projects of HIV/AIDS NGOs essentially relies on adequate financial resources, competent human resources, strong organizational leadership, and NGO networking. These data suggest that to increase grassroots project success, HIV and AIDS NGOs in Rakai need to improve not only the budget base and human capacities but as well decision-making processes, organizational vision, mission and strategies, gender allocation in staffing, and beneficiary involvement.", "16912754": "A brief review of imaging by a photonic crystal (PC) slab with negative refraction is given. The focusing properties of the PC with multiple mechanisms in addition to negative refraction are studied by the finite-difference time-domain method. In addition to the effect of negative refraction, there are multiple mechanisms that are all attributed to the PC focusing properties, including Bragg diffraction, excitation of the surface mode, and self-collimation. The resulting field pattern is the total result of these factors. Bragg diffraction occurs in the high-frequency domain and mainly influences the quality of focusing in the optical axis direction. The excitation of the surface mode improves the resolution of focusing. Self-collimation makes the focusing position deviate from Snell's law.", "16617846": "The role of selenium, the essential trace mineral in human health and disease, is currently a subject of intense interest. The recent 30 years have been an exciting time in selenium research. Selenium has important health effects related to the immune response and cancer prevention, which are possibly not exclusively linked to their enzymatic functions. Selenium appears to be a key nutrient in counteracting the development of virulence and inhibiting HIV progression to AIDS. An elevated selenium intake may be associated with reduced cancer risk. Large clinical trials are now conducted both in Europe and the USA to confirm or reject this hypothesis. In the context of health effects, low or diminishing selenium status in some parts of the world, notably in some European countries, is giving cause for concern.", "7541111": "Autologous peripheral-blood progenitor cells can restore hematopoiesis after high-dose chemotherapy in patients with solid tumors or hematologic cancers. We investigated the ability of peripheral-blood progenitor cells generated ex vivo to restore hematopoiesis in patients with cancer who have undergone high-dose chemotherapy.", "21148031": "We discovered that an inverse relationship exists in the expression of ras/c-myc and ribosomal protein RPS2 with pre-let-7a-1/let-7a/let-7f miRNA and prostate tumor cell malignancy. Nonmalignant IBC-10a cells expressed low levels of ras/RPS2 and elevated pre-let-7a-1/let-7a/let-7f miRNA, whereas the reverse occurred in malignant PCa-20a and PC-3ML cells. Stable transfection of IBC-10a cells with pBABE.ras and pBABE.RPS2 induced ras, c-myc, and RPS2 expression, whereas the levels of let-7a/let-7f miRNA dropped to near zero. Conversely, in pBABE.pre-let-7a-1 transfected PCa-20a and PC-3ML clones, let-7a/let-7f increased whereas ras, RPS2, and c-myc dropped greater than 5-fold. Electrophoretic mobility shift assays, antibody \"supershift\" assays and immunoprecipitation assays revealed that RPS2 specifically binds pre-let-7a-1 to block RNA processing. Immunoflourescent studies and Northern blots confirmed that RPS2 complexes with pre-let-7a-1 (i.e., in episomal structures) to block processing to let-7a/let-7f, indicating RPS2 may prevent let-7a miRNA expression to indirectly promote oncogene expression. Functional studies further showed that the colony-forming ability (CFA) and invasive activities of IBC-10a cells were significantly enhanced in pBABE-ras.IBC-10a and pBABE-RPS2-IBC-10a clones. Conversely, with the \"knockdown\" of ras and RPS2 in malignant PC-3ML cells (i.e., in pLKO.TRC.shRNA.ras.PC3-ML, pLKO.TRC.shRNA.RPS2.PC-3ML transfected cells), there was both a loss of these functions and a loss of tumorigenesis in SCID mice. Likewise, with the overexpression of let-7a/let-7f in pBABE.pre-let-7a-1.PC-3ML clones (and PCa-20a clones), CFAs, invasive activities in vitro, and tumorigenesis in vivo were significantly reduced. These results show for the first time that RPS2 blocks pre-let-7a-1 processing to enable ras and c-myc expression and the transformation of primary tumor cells.", "15750339": "Human embryonic stem (hES) cells, unlike most cells derived from adult or fetal human tissues, represent a potentially unlimited source of various cell types for basic clinical research. To meet the increased demand for characterized hES cell lines, we established and characterized nine new lines obtained from frozen-thawed pronucleus-stage embryos. In addition, we improved the derivation efficiency from inner cell masses (to 47.4%) and optimized culture conditions for undifferentiated hES cells. After these cell lines had been maintained for over a year in vitro, they were characterized comprehensively for expression of markers of undifferentiated hES cells, karyotype, and in vitro/in vivo differentiation capacity. All of the cell lines were pluripotent, and one cell line was trisomic for chromosome 3. Improved culture techniques for hES cells should make them a good source for diverse applications in regenerative medicine, but further investigation is needed of their basic biology.", "25932170": "Tumor protein D52-like 2, known as hD54 in previous studies (TPD52L2), is a member of TPD52 family which has been implicated in multiple human cancers. In recent reports, TPD52 proteins were indicated to be associated with several malignancies, but very little is known about the function of TPD52L2 in liver cancers. In our present study, in order to explore the role of TPD52L2 in liver cancer, TPD52L2 was knocked down in SMMC-7721 liver cancer cell line by lentivirus mediated RNA interference. The results demonstrated that depletion of TPD52L2 could remarkably inhibit proliferation and colony forming ability of cancer cell SMMC-7721. Furthermore, cell cycle in TPD52L2 depleted cells was verified to be arrested in G0/G1 phase as determined by FACS assay, in consistence with the observation of cell proliferation inhibition. These results unraveled that TPD52L2 played an important role in tumorigenesis pathways of liver cancer and might serve as a promising target in human liver cancer diagnosis and therapy.", "25143362": "No treatment is available for patients affected by the recessively inherited, progressive muscular dystrophies caused by a deficiency in the muscle membrane repair protein dysferlin. A marked reduction in dysferlin in patients harboring missense mutations in at least one of the two pathogenic DYSF alleles encoding dysferlin implies that dysferlin is degraded by the cell's quality control machinery. In vitro evidence suggests that missense mutated dysferlin might be functional if salvaged from degradation by the proteasome. We treated three patients with muscular dystrophy due to a homozygous Arg555Trp mutation in dysferlin with the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib and monitored dysferlin expression in monocytes and in skeletal muscle by repeated percutaneous muscle biopsy. Expression of missense mutated dysferlin in the skeletal muscle and monocytes of the three patients increased markedly, and dysferlin was correctly localized to the sarcolemma of muscle fibers on histological sections. Salvaged missense mutated dysferlin was functional in a membrane resealing assay in patient-derived muscle cells treated with three different proteasome inhibitors. We conclude that interference with the proteasomal system increases expression of missense mutated dysferlin, suggesting that this therapeutic strategy may benefit patients with dysferlinopathies and possibly other genetic diseases. ", "22921965": "Research on Parkinson's disease (PD) has mainly focused on the degeneration of the dopaminergic neurons of nigro-striatal pathway; however, post-mortem studies have demonstrated that other brain regions such as the locus coeruleus (LC) and raphe nuclei (RN) are significantly affected as well. Degeneration of these crucial neuronal cell bodies may be responsible for depressive behavior and cognitive decline present in the pre-motor stage of PD. We have thus set out to create a pre-motor rodent model of PD which mimics the early stages of the condition. N-(2-chloroethyl)-N-ethyl-2-bromobenzylamine (DSP-4), a selective noradrenergic neurotoxin, and parachloroampetamine (pCA), a selective serotonergic neurotoxin, were utilized concomitantly with bilateral 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) injections into the striatum to produce a pre-motor rodent model of PD with partial deficits in the dopaminergic, noradrenergic, and serotonergic systems. Our model exhibited a depressive/anhedonic condition as assessed using sucrose preference testing and the forced swim test. Our model also demonstrated deficits in object memory. These behavioral impairments were accompanied by a decline in both tissue and extracellular levels of all three neurotransmitters in both the frontal cortex and striatum. Immunohistochemistry also revealed a decrease in TH+ cells in the LC and substantia nigra. Exendin-4 (EX-4), a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor (GLP-1R) agonist, promoted recovery of both the biochemical and behavioral dysfunction exhibited by our model. EX-4 was able to preserve the functional integrity of the dopaminergic, noradrenergic, and serotonergic systems. In conclusion, we have generated a novel animal model of PD that recapitulates certain pre-motor symptomology. These symptoms and causative physiology are ameliorated upon treatment with EX-4 and thus it could be used as a possible therapy for the non-motor symptoms prominent in the early stages of PD.", "25227666": "Increased expression of Pituitary Tumor Transforming Gene 1 (Pttg1) has been shown in various tumor cells, including breast cancer (BC). However, the precise role of Pttg1 in the tumorigenesis is not clarified yet. Here, we examined BC from the patients and detected significant increases and correlation in Pttg1 and phosphorylated SMAD3 (pSMAD3), a key effector of activated transforming growth factor \u03b2 (TGF\u03b2) receptor signaling pathway. Pttg1 levels were then modulated by transgene or small hairpin RNA (shRNA) in a human BC cell line, BT474, respectively. We found that Pttg1 overexpression increased the proliferation of BC cells in vitro and in vivo, while Pttg1 inhibition decreased proliferation of BC cells in vitro and in vivo. Moreover, phosphorylation of SMAD3 by TGF\u03b21 was significantly inhibited by Pttg1 overexpression, suggesting that Pttg1 may promote growth of BC cells by inhibiting pSMAD3-mediated cell-growth inhibition. Thus, Pttg1 appears to be a novel therapeutic target for controlling the tumorigenesis of BC. ", "12243356": "Capsicum annuum L. is infected by a number of viruses, including the tobacco mosaic virus (TMV). To study the defense-related genes that are induced by TMV in hot peppers, the pepper plant, which is susceptible to P1.2 but resistant to the P0 pathotype of TMV, was inoculated with TMV-P0. Differential screening isolated the genes that were specifically up- or down-regulated during the hypersensitive response (HR). The CaAPX1 cDNA clone that putatively encodes a polypeptide of cytosolic ascorbate peroxidase was selected as an up-regulated gene. It was isolated for further study. The full-length cDNA for CaAPX1, which is 972 bp long, contained the open-reading frame of 250-amino acid residues. A genomic Southern blot analysis showed that there were only limited copies of the CaAPX1 gene in the hot pepper genome. In hot pepper cv. Bugang, which is resistant to TMV-P0 and susceptible to TMV-P1.2, the CaAPX1 gene transcript was accumulated by TMV-P0, but not by TMV-P1.2 inoculation. CaAPX1 transcripts began to accumulate 24 h post-inoculation of TMV-P0, and increased gradually until 96 h. To investigate whether each transcript is induced by other stimuli, the plants were treated with various chemicals and wounding. A striking induction of the CaAPX1 transcript was observed at 2 h. It subsided 12 h after salicylic acid (SA), ethephon, and methyl jasmonate (MeJA) treatments. The response of the gene upon other pathogen infection was also examined by a bacterial pathogen (Xanthomonas campestris pv. vesicatoria race 3) inoculation. The CaAPX1 gene was induced in a hot pepper (C. annuum cv. ECW 20R) that was resistant to this bacterial pathogen, but not in a susceptible hot pepper (C. annuum cv. ECW). These results suggest the possible role(s) for the CaAPX1 gene in plant defense against viral and bacterial pathogen.", "18387358": "Down syndrome (DS), or Trisomy 21, is the most common genetic cause of cognitive impairment and congenital heart defects in the human population. To date, the contribution of microRNAs (miRNAs) in DS has not been investigated. Bioinformatic analyses demonstrate that human chromosome 21 (Hsa21) harbors five miRNA genes; miR-99a, let-7c, miR-125b-2, miR-155, and miR-802. MiRNA expression profiling, miRNA RT-PCR, and miRNA in situ hybridization experiments demonstrate that these miRNAs are overexpressed in fetal brain and heart specimens from individuals with DS when compared with age- and sex-matched controls. We hypothesize that trisomic 21 gene dosage overexpression of Hsa21-derived miRNAs results in the decreased expression of specific target proteins and contribute, in part, to features of the neuronal and cardiac DS phenotype. Importantly, Hsa21-derived miRNAs may provide novel therapeutic targets in the treatment of individuals with DS.", "24981928": "This study aimed to evaluate the role of cystatin C (CysC) in the vascular remodeling of balloon-injured abdominal aorta of rabbits. Forty-eight New Zealand white rabbits were randomly divided into three groups: the balloon-injured injury group (n = 16), the CysC monoclonal antibody group (n = 16), and the sham-operative group (n = 16). Serum CysC levels were detected by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. Changes in adventitial area, adventitial thickness, lumen area (LA), neointimal area (IA), internal elastic lamina area (IELA), external elastic lamina area (EELA), vascular remodeling index (VRI) and residual stenosis (RS) were measured by the Leica image analysis system. Immunohistochemical analysis of \u03b1-smooth muscle actin (\u03b1-SMA) and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) were performed. Serum CysC levels of rabbits in the balloon-injured injury group were significantly higher than those in the CysC monoclonal antibody group and the sham-operative group (both P < 0.05). At 6 weeks after balloon injury, the adventitial area and thickness, LA, IA, IELA and EELA in the balloon-injured injury group were also higher than those in the CysC monoclonal antibody and sham-operative groups (all P < 0.05). In addition, the balloon-injured injury group showed higher VRI and RS than those of the CysC monoclonal antibody group (both P < 0.05). The positive expression of \u03b1-SMA in the vascular adventitia and media in the balloon-injured group were higher than that of the CysC monoclonal antibody and sham-operative groups. The balloon-injured group also showed a stronger expression of \u03b1-SMA in the neointima than that of the CysC monoclonal antibody group. There was a strong positive expression of PCNA in the vascular adventitia and neointima in the balloon-injured and CysC monoclonal antibody groups. However, the number of PCNA-positive cells in the balloon-injured group was higher than that of the CysC monoclonal antibody group (25.45 \u00b1 4.21 vs. 6.75 \u00b1 1.11, P = 0.003). Our findings provide empirical evidence that serum CysC levels may play an important role in the vascular remodeling of balloon-injured abdominal aorta of rabbits.", "25317804": "Colorectal cancer is the third most common cancer and the third leading cause of cancer-related death. Bevacizumab improves survival for metastatic colorectal cancer patients with chemotherapy, but no proven predictive markers exist. The aim was to investigate the possible predictive value of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-A165b levels in this setting.", "20369839": "CD69 is an earliest lymphocyte activation antigen and a universal leukocyte triggering molecule expressed at sites of active immune response. The binding of GlcNAc to the dimeric human CD69 was followed by equilibrium dialysis, fluorescence titration, and NMR. Clear cooperation was observed in the high-affinity binding (K(d) = 4.0 x 10(-7) M) of the carbohydrate to two subunits of the dimeric CD69 (Hill coefficient 1.94). A control monosaccharide ManNAc was not bound by human CD69, and both monosaccharides had no effects on the structure of the receptor. However, a monomeric CD69 obtained by mutating Q93 and R134 at the dimer interface exhibited a much lower affinity for GlcNAc (K(d) = 1.3 x 10(-5) M) and no cooperativity (Hill coefficient 1.07). Perturbation of the dimer interface resulted in a severe impairment of the signaling ability of cellular CD69 when cross-linked with an antibody or with a bivalent high-affinity N-acetylhexosamine dimer-based ligand. The availability of stable preparations of soluble CD69 receptor with well-documented ligand binding properties will be beneficial for immunological experiments evaluating the role of this antigen in the complex environment of the immune system. Moreover, such preparations in combination with efficient ligand mimetics able to both activate CD69(+) lymphocytes and to block undesired hyperactivation caused by other cellular ligands will also become indispensable tools in explaining the exact role of the CD69 antigen in the interaction between the tumor cell and the effector natural killer lymphocyte.", "25448881": "Although deregulation of bone morphogenetic protein 2 (BMP2) signaling has been linked to various types of cancers, the relationships between abnormal activation of these signaling pathways and tumorigenesis are not clear in gastric cancer. We hypothesized that BMP2 might be involved in epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) process of gastric cancer. Here, BMPR-II activation and inhibition in gastric cancer cell line AGS were induced with exogenous BMP2 and with BMPR-II small interfering RNA (siRNA), respectively. BMPR-II downstream signal molecules AKT, ERK phosphorylation, and EMT biomarkers (vimentin, snail, N-cadherin, and E-cadherin) were tested using the Western blot. In the present study, our results showed that BMP2 can induce AKT and ERK phosphorylation in a dose-dependent method, and endogenous BMPR-II can be inhibited completely by BMPR-II siRNA in AGS. Notably BMP2 alone treatment can induce the up-regulation of vimentin, snail, and N-cadherin in AGS cells, besides, the down-regulation of E-cadherin also occurred. On the contrary, BMPR-II siRNA significantly prohibited BMP2-induced AKT and ERK phosphorylation, at the same time, EMT biomarkers changes were not observed. On the other hand, BMPR-II knockdown could significantly affect AGS wound closure and the migration ability (p\u2009<\u20090.001) compared to control siRNA and BMP2 alone. In conclusion, this study suggested that EMT process can be triggered by the BMP2/BMPR axis in gastric cancer and then involved in the tumor cell migration, invasion, and metastasis via the activation of PI3K/AKT and MEK/ERK pathways. Our study lays a new foundation for the treatment of gastric cancer through antagonizing BMP2 system. ", "20574642": "Recombination of mumps virus (MuV) has rarely been reported. In this study, phylogenetic and recombination analyses were performed on 30 complete MuV genomes, including 17 vaccine and 13 wild-type strains. One potentially significant recombination event was found to have occurred between the lineage represented by the vaccine strain L3/Russia/Vector (AY508995) as the minor parent and wild MuV strain Drag94 (AY669145) as the major parent, and this led to a recombinant, 9218/Zg98 (EU370206), a wild-type MuV strain isolated from a 3-year-old boy with parotitis. In summary, we found a recombinant of MuV derived from vaccine and wild-type MuV strains.", "11350463": "In a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial, we compared the efficacy of dolasetron and metoclopramide in preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting in women undergoing hysterectomy.", "16609730": "Ribonuclease L (RNase L) is an important effector of the innate antiviral response. Mutations or variants that impair function of RNase L, particularly R462Q, have been proposed as susceptibility factors for prostate cancer. Given the role of this gene in viral defense, we sought to explore the possibility that a viral infection might contribute to prostate cancer in individuals harboring the R462Q variant. A viral detection DNA microarray composed of oligonucleotides corresponding to the most conserved sequences of all known viruses identified the presence of gammaretroviral sequences in cDNA samples from seven of 11 R462Q-homozygous (QQ) cases, and in one of eight heterozygous (RQ) and homozygous wild-type (RR) cases. An expanded survey of 86 tumors by specific RT-PCR detected the virus in eight of 20 QQ cases (40%), compared with only one sample (1.5%) among 66 RQ and RR cases. The full-length viral genome was cloned and sequenced independently from three positive QQ cases. The virus, named XMRV, is closely related to xenotropic murine leukemia viruses (MuLVs), but its sequence is clearly distinct from all known members of this group. Comparison of gag and pol sequences from different tumor isolates suggested infection with the same virus in all cases, yet sequence variation was consistent with the infections being independently acquired. Analysis of prostate tissues from XMRV-positive cases by in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry showed that XMRV nucleic acid and protein can be detected in about 1% of stromal cells, predominantly fibroblasts and hematopoietic elements in regions adjacent to the carcinoma. These data provide to our knowledge the first demonstration that xenotropic MuLV-related viruses can produce an authentic human infection, and strongly implicate RNase L activity in the prevention or clearance of infection in vivo. These findings also raise questions about the possible relationship between exogenous infection and cancer development in genetically susceptible individuals.", "20427204": "Antiplatelet therapy commonly is used for the prevention of cardiovascular complications but increases the risk of perioperative bleeding. Multiple-electrode aggregometry (MEA) was investigated for monitoring platelet inhibition by acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and clopidogrel in patients undergoing elective coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery with regard to clinical outcome as measured by postoperative blood loss and transfusion requirements.", "20976071": "The study of cross-species pathogen transmission is essential to understanding the epizootiology and epidemiology of infectious diseases. Avian chlamydiosis is a zoonotic disease whose effects have been mainly investigated in humans, poultry and pet birds. It has been suggested that wild bird species play an important role as reservoirs for this disease. During a comparative health status survey in common (Falco tinnunculus) and lesser (Falco naumanni) kestrel populations in Spain, acute gammapathies were detected. We investigated whether gammapathies were associated with Chlamydiaceae infections. We recorded the prevalence of different Chlamydiaceae species in nestlings of both kestrel species in three different study areas. Chlamydophila psittaci serovar I (or Chlamydophila abortus), an ovine pathogen causing late-term abortions, was isolated from all the nestlings of both kestrel species in one of the three studied areas, a location with extensive ovine livestock enzootic of this atypical bacteria and where gammapathies were recorded. Serovar and genetic cluster analysis of the kestrel isolates from this area showed serovars A and C and the genetic cluster 1 and were different than those isolated from the other two areas. The serovar I in this area was also isolated from sheep abortions, sheep faeces, sheep stable dust, nest dust of both kestrel species, carrion beetles (Silphidae) and Orthoptera. This fact was not observed in other areas. In addition, we found kestrels to be infected by Chlamydia suis and Chlamydia muridarum, the first time these have been detected in birds. Our study evidences a pathogen transmission from ruminants to birds, highlighting the importance of this potential and unexplored mechanism of infection in an ecological context. On the other hand, it is reported a pathogen transmission from livestock to wildlife, revealing new and scarcely investigated anthropogenic threats for wild and endangered species.", "15028690": "DNA sequence analysis revealed that the putative yhdJ DNA methyltransferase gene of Escherichia coli is 55% identical to the Nostoc sp. strain PCC7120 gene encoding DNA methyltransferase AvaIII, which methylates adenine in the recognition sequence, ATGCAT. The yhdJ gene was cloned, and the enzyme was overexpressed and purified. Methylation and restriction analysis showed that the DNA methyltransferase methylates the first adenine in the sequence ATGCAT. This DNA methylation was found to be regulated during the cell cycle, and the DNA adenine methyltransferase was designated M.EcoKCcrM (for \"cell cycle-regulated methyltransferase\"). The CcrM DNA adenine methyltransferase is required for viability in E. coli, as a strain lacking a functional genomic copy of ccrM can be isolated only in the presence of an additional copy of ccrM supplied in trans. The cells of such a knockout strain stopped growing when expression of the inducible plasmid ccrM gene was shut off. Overexpression of M.EcoKCcrM slowed bacterial growth, and the ATGCAT sites became fully methylated throughout the cell cycle; a high proportion of cells with an anomalous size distribution and DNA content was found in this population. Thus, the temporal control of this methyltransferase may contribute to accurate cell cycle control of cell division and cellular morphology. Homologs of M.EcoKCcrM are present in other bacteria belonging to the gamma subdivision of the class Proteobacteria, suggesting that methylation at ATGCAT sites may have similar functions in other members of this group.", "20492755": "Non-Governmental Organization Archaia (http://www.archaia.cz) carried out the rescue archaeological research at Knezeves near Prague in 1998. Most of dating objects in Knezeves come from the period of Late and Final Bronze Age. The approximately 3,000 years old set, which included 11 human remains from three settlement features, was collected for the study. First, gender was determined according to anthropological characteristics. Ancient DNA from bones was extracted by the phenol-chloroform procedure and N-phenacetylthiazolum bromide reagent. Polymerase chain reaction amplification of AMEL XY, part of amelogenin gene, with subsequent polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and Short Tandem Repeats analysis followed. DNA profiles of skeletal remains were obtained by the fragmentation analysis of autosomal short tandem repeat markers. Genetic profiles showed us whether individuals from Knezeves were in mutual relationship (parent - descendant). The congruence of results in sex determination supported reliability of genetic methods, which are suitable for sex determination of fragmental and subadult skeletal remains.", "24588761": "There is now considerable evidence that affiliative processes are linked to oxytocin (OXT), which is linked to a range of social-cognition competences underpinning interpersonal functioning. There is evidence that OXT circuitry is involved in psychosis and emerging evidence for OXT in treatment. Therefore, this study explored studies investigating OXT and improvements in symptoms and social cognition among individuals diagnosed with psychosis.", "21041627": "Testis-specific protein on Y chromosome (TSPY) is an ampliconic gene on the Y chromosome, and genetic interaction with gonadoblastoma has been clinically established. However, the function of the TSPY protein remains to be characterized in physiological and pathological settings. In the present study, we observed coexpression of TSPY and the androgen receptor (AR) in testicular germ-cell tumors (TGCTs) in patients as well as in model cell lines, but such coexpression was not seen in normal testis of humans or mice. TSPY was a repressor for androgen signaling because of its trapping of cytosolic AR even in the presence of androgen. Androgen treatment stimulated cell proliferation of a TGCT model cell line, and TSPY potently attenuated androgen-dependent cell growth. Together with the finding that TSPY expression is reduced in more malignant TGCTs in vivo, the present study suggests that TSPY serves as a repressor in androgen-induced tumor development in TGCTs and raises the possibility that TSPY could be used as a clinical marker to assess the malignancy of TGCTs.", "23941603": "The diagnosis of breast lesions is usually confirmed by fine-needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) or histological biopsy. Although there is increasing literature regarding the advantages and limitations of both modalities, there is no literature regarding the accuracy of these modalities for diagnosing breast lesions in high-risk patients, who usually have lesions detected by screening. Moreover, few studies have been published regarding the cytopathology of mammary tumors in cats despite widespread use of the animal model for breast cancer formation and inhibition. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the diagnostic interest of cytological and histopathological analysis in feline mammary tumours (FMTs), in order to evaluate its possible value as an animal model.", "22557158": "Antibacterial activity of various parts (stem, leaf and fruits) of solvent extracts (Petroleum ether, alcohol and acetone) of Solanum xanthocarpum against Escherichia coil, Klebsiella of Solanum xanthocarpum showed high sensitivity to Escherichia coil & less sensitivity and resistance to Bacillus cereus. In control, no inhibitory zone was observed.", "8909298": "MRP is an ATP-binding cassette family transporter that confers cellular resistance to a variety of natural product cytotoxic agents. However, the biochemical mechanism by which MRP confers resistance has not been established. To gain insight into its mechanism of action, the in vitro substrate specificity of MRP was examined by analyzing drug uptake into membrane vesicles prepared from MRP-overexpressing HL60/ADR cells. Compared to control HL60 membrane vesicles, HL60/ADR membrane vesicles exhibited markedly enhanced ATP-dependent transport of daunorubicin, etoposide, and vincristine. In contrast, little or no increased uptake was observed for vinblastine and Taxol. This pattern of in vitro substrate specificity was consistent with the analysis of the HL60/ADR drug resistance phenotype, which revealed substantial levels of resistance to anthracyclines, etoposide, and vincristine, but only slightly increased resistance to vinblastine and Taxol. Drug transport into HL60/ADR membrane vesicles was osmotically sensitive and dependent on ATP concentration, with a K(m) value of 45 microM for ATP. Lineweaver-Burk analysis indicated that substrate transport was concentration-dependent, with apparent K(m) values of 6.1, 5.7, and 5.5 microM for daunorubicin, etoposide, and vincristine, respectively. The P-glycoprotein-modulating agents cyclosporin A, PSC833, and verapamil, which have modest reversing effects on MRP-overexpressing cell lines, were weak competitive inhibitors of daunorubicin transport, with Ki values of 35, 84, and 95 microM, respectively. In addition, the glutathione analog azidophenacyl-glutathione, oxidized glutathione, and the LTD4 antagonist MK571 were competitive inhibitors of daunorubicin transport with Ki values of 69, 31, and 3.0 microM, respectively. Genistein, an MRP-specific modulating agent, and arsenate, a compound for which MRP has previously been reported to confer resistance, were also competitive inhibitors, with Ki values of 17 and 29 microM, respectively. These results are consistent with a previous report in which we demonstrated that HL60/ADR membrane vesicles transport azidophenacylglutathione and that transport of this agent is competitively inhibited by daunorubicin, vincristine, and etoposide [Shen et al., (1966) Biochemistry 35, 5719-5725]. Together, these uptake studies performed with HL60/ADR membrane vesicles constitute a consistent body of evidence that indicates that MRP transports both glutathione S conjugates and unaltered natural product drugs and support the idea that the direct transport of unaltered lipophilic cytotoxic drugs is the predominant biochemical mechanism whereby MRP confers multidrug resistance.", "8376821": "Young (3-month-old) and old (> or = 24-month-old) mice of a long-lived strain were compared in terms of their ability to resist infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis. There was little overall difference in the ability of young and old mice to resist this infection. Mice in both age groups could control infection in their livers and spleens by a mechanism that was predominantly CD4+ T cell-mediated but not in their lungs. Again, old mice were almost as capable as young mice at being immunized by bacille Calmette-Gu\u00e9rin against a challenge infection with M. tuberculosis. The results argue against including M. tuberculosis among infectious agents to which mice become susceptible with advanced age.", "22532603": "Adoptive cell transfer (ACT) of ex vivo engineered autologous lymphocytes encoding high-affinity MART-1/HLA-A*0201-specific T-cell receptor (TCR)\u03b1/\u03b2 chains (F5 CTL), densely infiltrate into sites of metastatic disease, mediating dramatic but partial clinical responses in patients with melanoma. We hypothesized that MART-1 downmodulation in addition to aberrant apoptotic/survival signaling could confer resistance to death signals delivered by transgenic CTLs. To explore this hypothesis, we established an in vitro model of resistant (R) lines from MART-1(+)/HLA-A*0201(+) F5 CTL-sensitive parental (P) lines under serial F5 CTL-selective pressure. We have recently reported that several melanoma R lines, while retaining MART-1 expression, exhibited constitutive NF-\u03baB activation and overexpression of NF-\u03baB-dependent resistance factors. Another established melanoma cell line M244, otherwise sensitive to F5 CTL, yielded R lines after serial F5 CTL-selective pressure, which had both reduced MART-1 expression levels, thus, could not be recognized, and were resistant to CTL-delivered apoptotic death signals. The proteasome inhibitor bortezomib blocked NF-\u03baB activity, decreased phospho-ERK1/2, increased phospho-c-jun-NH(2)-kinase (p-JNK) levels, reduced expression of resistance factors, restored MART-1 expression to sufficient levels, which in combination allowed M244R lines be sensitized to F5 CTL killing. These findings suggest that proteasome inhibition in immune resistant tumors can restore proapoptotic signaling and improve tumor antigen expression.", "25416197": "20met).", "8807169": "This study was to identify the minimum effective dose of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, to prevent postoperative vomiting in children who have undergone strabismus repair, tonsillectomy or tonsillectomy with adenoidectomy.", "12554767": "Previously, we have demonstrated that the two mitogenic growth factors epidermal growth factor and IGF-I can activate Akt and estrogen receptor-alpha (ERalpha) in the hormone-dependent breast cancer cell line, MCF-7. In this report we now show that estradiol can also rapidly activate phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI 3-K)/Akt and that this effect is mediated by the ErbB2 signaling pathway. Treatment of cells with estradiol resulted in phosphorylation of Akt and a 9-fold increase in Akt activity in 10 min. Akt activation was blocked by wortmannin and LY 294,002, two inhibitors of PI 3-K; by genistein, a protein tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an ER agonist; by AG825, a selective ErbB2 inhibitor; and by the antiestrogens ICI 182,780 and 4-hydroxy-tamoxifen; but not by rapamycin, an inhibitor of the ribosomal protein kinase p70S6K; nor by AG30, a selective epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor. Akt activation by estradiol was abrogated by an arginine-to-cysteine mutation in the pleckstrin homology domain of Akt (R25C). Growth factors also activated Akt in the ER-negative variant of MCF-7, MCF-7/ADR, but estradiol did not induce Akt activity in these cells. Transient transfection of ERalpha into these cells restored Akt activation by estradiol, suggesting that estradiol activation of Akt requires the ERalpha. Estradiol did not activate Akt in MCF-7 cells stably transfected with an anti-ErbB2-targeted ribozyme, further confirming a role for ErbB2. In vitro kinase assays using immunoprecipitation and anti-Akt1, -Akt2, and -Akt3-specific antibodies demonstrated that Akt1 is activated by estradiol in MCF-7 cells whereas Akt3 is the activated isoform in ER-negative MDA-MB231 cells, implying that selective activation of Akt subtypes plays a role in the actions of estradiol. Taken together, our data suggest that estradiol, bound to membrane ERalpha, interacts with and activates an ErbB dimer containing ErbB2, inducing activation of PI 3-K/Akt.", "27578898": "The presence of cold agglutinins (CA) during cardiac surgery with cardiopulmonary bypass usually creates the need for an altered surgical plan. In this case, the CA were discovered after the initiation of bypass, limiting the time, and cardioplegia solutions that could be used in the new approach. The inability to cannulate the coronary sinus with a retrograde cardioplegia catheter excluded the standard approach to myocardial preservation with CA of using continuous warm blood. For this case, we used intermittent cold crystalloid delivered via the antegrade needle for the first half of the procedure and through the saphenous vein graft anastomosis during the aortic valve portion of the cross-clamp period. ", "23286295": "Iron (Fe) deficiency is the most common micronutrient deficiency worldwide. Iron biofortification is a preventative strategy that alleviates Fe deficiency by improving the amount of absorbable Fe in crops. In the present study, we used an in vitro digestion/Caco 2 cell culture model as the guiding tool for breeding and development of two maize (Zea mays L.) lines with contrasting Fe bioavailability (ie. Low and High). Our objective was to confirm and validate the in vitro results and approach. Also, to compare the capacities of our two maize hybrid varieties to deliver Fe for hemoglobin (Hb) synthesis and to improve the Fe status of Fe deficient broiler chickens.", "23761433": "The aim of this review was to study \"female stalking\" in the sense of the specific traits characterizing the phenomenon of stalking behaviour committed by women. The main medical databases were searched (Medline, Social Science Research Network, Apa Psyc Net), and 67 articles were selected, reporting studies conducted in clinical populations, case series, reports, reviews, retrospective studies and original articles. We outline a variety of different tactics adopted by female stalkers and a lesser propensity to pass on to physical violence. Nevertheless, female stalkers are more frequently affected by erotomania, and this condition generally increases the risk of violence. If there have previously been intimate relations between the stalker and her victim, this will increase the risk of violence. In a significant proportion of female stalkers, the behavior is carried out in the occupational setting, especially in the field of psychotherapy, where the male-female ratio is reversed. No significant differences emerged between the motivations of heterosexual or homosexual stalkers. In the category of crimes of harassment committed by women, stalking, at least in Italy, seems to be among the most prominent. ", "18559516": "The chemokine receptor CXCR6 and its ligand CXCL16 are involved in inflammation. Thus far, they were known to be expressed mainly by T cells and macrophages, respectively. However, we detected both in all of 170 human primary mammary carcinomas and at similar levels in all 8 human mammary carcinoma cell lines tested by microarray analysis. Expression was confirmed by reverse transcription-PCR and for the cell lines also by fluorescence-activated cell sorting analysis. CXCR6 and CXCL16 were also detected in several mouse and human mammary, colon, and pancreatic carcinoma cell lines. CXCL16 is a transmembrane protein from which the soluble chemokine can be cleaved off. The transmembrane form is present on the surface of the carcinoma cells. Surprisingly, suppression of either CXCR6 or CXCL16 led to greatly enhanced proliferation in vitro as well as in vivo, indicating that their interaction inhibits proliferation. This notion was verified using inhibitory antibodies and by introduction of CXCL16 into a rare CXCL16-negative cell line. The effect was mediated by the G protein-coupled receptor CXCR6 because it was blocked by the G(i) protein inhibitor pertussis toxin. In contrast, the soluble CXCL16 chemokine enhanced proliferation, and this was also mediated by CXCR6 but not via G(i) protein. It is remarkable that both CXCR6 and CXCL16 are expressed by all mammary carcinomas because cells that lose either acquire a growth advantage and should be selected during tumor progression. This suggests an unknown important role in tumor formation. Proteases, possibly macrophage derived, might convert inhibitory transmembrane CXCL16 into the stimulatory chemokine.", "20795947": "Resistin may play a major potential role in vascular remodelling and may contribute to atherogenesis. However, the role of VSMC (vascular smooth muscle cell)-derived resistin in neointimal formation is not well understood. We hypothesize that endogenous resistin derived from VSMCs may contribute to neointimal formation after vascular injury. VSMCs from thoracic aorta of adult Wistar rats were cultured. The carotid artery from adult Wistar rats was injured by balloon catheter. Resistin significantly increased migration and proliferation of VSMCs. Resistin siRNA (small interfering RNA) and resistin antibody significantly inhibited migration and proliferation of VSMCs induced by conditioned medium from stretched VSMCs. Resistin protein and mRNA expression significantly increased at 14\u00a0days after carotid injury. Resistin siRNA and NAC (N-acetylcysteine) significantly reduced resistin protein and mRNA expression induced by balloon injury. Carotid artery injury increased ROS (reactive oxygen species) production. Treatment with NAC and resistin siRNA decreased ROS production. The neointimal area was significantly increased after carotid injury and was significantly reduced by resistin siRNA and NAC. In conclusion, resistin increases migration and proliferation of VSMCs, and expression of resistin in carotid artery significantly increases after injury. Resistin siRNA attenuates neointimal formation after carotid injury partly through an antioxidative mechanism. Resistin may play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of neointimal thickening after mechanical injury.", "15618611": "A number of different sources, such as composts, leachates, and pig feces samples were collected from different pig farms in Korea. Several microorganisms were screened for their ability to deodorize the malodorous gases. As a result, a novel malodorous gas-deodorizing bacterial strain KJ-2008 was isolated due to the most abundant of nitrate-supplemented minimal media under anaerobic conditions. Crimp-sealed serum bottles containing nitrate-supplemented minimal medium (MM-NO(3)(-)) in airtight conditions were inoculated with KJ-2008. Nitrate concentration decreased rapidly after 20 h incubation and nitrite production reached almost zero during the time the experimental was carried out. Taxonomic identification including 16S rDNA base sequencing and phylogenetic analysis indicated that the isolate KJ-2008 had a 99.8% homology in its 16S rDNA base sequence with Lactobacillus sakei. Among the volatile fatty acids, acetic acid contained in large amounts in fresh piggery slurry decreased about 40% after 50 h incubation of the strain KJ-2008. n-Butyric acid, n-valeric acid, and iso-valeric acid gradually decreased, and iso-butyric acid and capronic acid dramatically eliminated at initial time with the treatment. Moreover, NH(3) removal efficiency reached a maximum of 98.5% after 50 h of incubation. The concentration of H(2)S did not change.", "25621044": "in vivo, and its underlying mechanism, have yet to be elucidated. The aim of the present study was to investigate the inhibitory effect of 3-BrPA in an animal model of gastric cancer. It was identified that 3-BrPA exhibited strong inhibitory effects upon xenograft tumor growth in nude mice. In addition, the antitumor function of 3-BrPA exhibited a dose-effect association, which was similar to that of the chemotherapeutic agent, 5-fluorouracil. Furthermore, 3-BrPA exhibited low toxicity in the blood, liver and kidneys of the nude mice. The present study hypothesized that the inhibitory effect of 3-BrPA is achieved through the inhibition of hexokinase activity, which leads to the downregulation of B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2) expression, the upregulation of Bcl-2-associated X protein expression and the subsequent activation of caspase-3. These data suggest that 3-BrPA may be a novel therapy for the treatment of gastric cancer.", "20124219": "The molecular and genetic factors induced by human T-lymphotropic virus type-1 (HTLV-1) that initiate adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma (ATLL) remain unclear, in part from the lack of an animal model that accurately recapitulates leukemogenesis. HTLV-1-infected humanized nonobese diabetic severe combined immunodeficiency (HU-NOD/SCID) mice were generated by inoculation of NOD/SCID mice with CD34(+) hematopoietic progenitor and stem cells (CD34(+) HP/HSCs) infected ex vivo with HTLV-1. HTLV-1-HU-NOD/SCID mice exclusively developed CD4(+) T-cell lymphomas with characteristics similar to ATLL and elevated proliferation of infected human stem cells (CD34(+)CD38(-)) in the bone marrow were observed in mice developing malignancies. Purified CD34(+) HP/HSCs from HTLV-1-infected patient peripheral blood mononuclear cells revealed proviral integrations suggesting viral infection of human bone marrow-derived stem cells. NOD/SCID mice reconstituted with CD34(+) HP/HSCs transduced with a lentivirus vector expressing the HTLV-1 oncoprotein (Tax1) also developed CD4(+) lymphomas. The recapitulation of a CD4(+) T-cell lymphoma in HU-NOD/SCID mice suggests that HSCs provide a viral reservoir in vivo and act as cellular targets for cell transformation in humans. This animal model of ATLL will provide an important tool for the identification of molecular and cellular events that control the initiation and progression of the lymphoma and potential therapeutic targets to block tumor development.", "28783371": "DNA and Cell Biology (DNA&CB) is officially retracting the paper by Zhao H, Wang Y, Liu J, Shao Y, Li J, Chai H, Xing M, entitled, \"Molecular Characterization and Biological activity of Interferon-\u03b1 in Indian Peafowl (Pavo cristatus),\" [Epub ahead of print]; 2017, DOI: 10.1089/dna.2017.3798. The Editor-in-Chief of DNA&CB, Dr. Carol Shoshkes Reiss, was alerted to a discrepancy between the findings in the article by Zhao et al., and those of others, about the absence of expression of ISG15 in chickens. Dr. Reiss requested from the authors a clarification in their observations and inquired about the failure to include relevant citations in the reference section of the paper. Based on the response from the authors, it appeared that they did not have the confidence in the data as they were not able to repeat the experiments, and were also unsure of the molecular probes that were used in the study. Therefore, the Editor has determined that the paper should be officially retracted from DNA and Cell Biology.", "15728055": "GPI 15715 is the first water-soluble propofol prodrug that has been studied in humans. Present propofol lipid formulations have well known undesirable properties, for example, pain on injection and increased triglyceride concentrations. We investigated whether GPI 15715 is suitable to achieve and maintain moderate sedation for 2 h. Six male and six female volunteers received a target-controlled infusion of GPI 15715, with an initial propofol target concentration of 1.8 microg/mL and the possibility to adjust the propofol target once after 1 h. Propofol concentrations, the bispectral index, and modified Observer's Assessment of Alertness/Sedation Scale (MOAA/S) scores were monitored. The median MOAA/S score was 4 during the first hour and was 3 during the second hour of infusion. The propofol target had to be changed to 2.4 microg/mL in seven volunteers and to 3.0 microg/mL in two volunteers. A propofol concentration of 1.9 microg/mL had the highest probability to result in an MOAA/S score of 3, which corresponds with moderate sedation. We observed no serious side effects. We conclude that GPI 15715 produces excellent sedation.", "23614030": "2-chloro-4-nitroaniline (2-C-4-NA) is used as an intermediate in the manufacture of dyes, pharmaceuticals, corrosion inhibitor and also used in the synthesis of niclosamide, a molluscicide. It is marked as a black-listed substance due to its poor biodegradability. We report biodegradation of 2-C-4-NA and its pathway characterization by Rhodococcus sp. strain MB-P1 under aerobic conditions. The strain MB-P1 utilizes 2-C-4-NA as the sole carbon, nitrogen, and energy source. In the growth medium, the degradation of 2-C-4-NA occurs with the release of nitrite ions, chloride ions, and ammonia. During the resting cell studies, the 2-C-4-NA-induced cells of strain MB-P1 transformed 2-C-4-NA stoichiometrically to 4-amino-3-chlorophenol (4-A-3-CP), which subsequently gets transformed to 6-chlorohydroxyquinol (6-CHQ) metabolite. Enzyme assays by cell-free lysates prepared from 2-C-4-NA-induced MB-P1 cells, demonstrated that the first enzyme in the 2-C-4-NA degradation pathway is a flavin-dependent monooxygenase that catalyzes the stoichiometric removal of nitro group and production of 4-A-3-CP. Oxygen uptake studies on 4-A-3-CP and related anilines by 2-C-4-NA-induced MB-P1 cells demonstrated the involvement of aniline dioxygenase in the second step of 2-C-4-NA degradation. This is the first report showing 2-C-4-NA degradation and elucidation of corresponding metabolic pathway by an aerobic bacterium.", "15741530": "Stroke increases the risk of subsequent hip fracture by 2 to 4 times. Hyperhomocysteinemia is a risk factor for both ischemic stroke and osteoporotic fractures in elderly men and women. Treatment with folate and mecobalamin (vitamin B12) may improve hyperhomocysteinemia.", "17977947": "In the current study, we examined whether diabetes affected the ability of HDL to stimulate nitric oxide (NO) production. Using HDL isolated from both diabetic humans and diabetic mouse models, we found that female HDL no longer induced NO synthesis, despite containing equivalent amounts of estrogen as nondiabetic controls. Furthermore, HDL isolated from diabetic females and males prevented acetylcholine-induced stimulation of NO generation. Analyses of both the human and mouse diabetic HDL particles showed that the HDLs contained increased levels of myristic acid. To determine whether myristic acid associated with HDL particles was responsible for the decrease in NO generation, myristic acid was added to HDL isolated from nondiabetic humans and mice. Myristic acid-associated HDL inhibited the generation of NO in a dose-dependent manner. Importantly, diabetic HDL did not alter the levels of endothelial NO synthase or acetylcholine receptors associated with the cells. Surprisingly, diabetic HDL inhibited ionomycin-induced stimulation of NO production without affecting ionomycin-induced increases in intracellular calcium. Further analysis indicated that diabetic HDL prevented calmodulin from interacting with endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) but did not affect the activation of calmodulin kinase or calcium-independent mechanisms for stimulating eNOS. These studies are the first to show that a specific fatty acid associated with HDL inhibits the stimulation of NO generation. These findings have important implications regarding cardiovascular disease in diabetic patients.", "18444895": "The introduction of vaccine technology has facilitated an unprecedented multiantigen approach to develop an effective vaccine against complex pathogens, such as Plasmodium spp., that cause severe malaria. The capacity of multisubunit DNA vaccines encoding different stage Plasmodium antigens to induce CD8(+) cytotoxic T lymphocytes and IFN-gamma responses in mice, monkeys and humans has been observed. Moreover, genetic vaccination may be multi-immune (i.e., capable of eliciting more than one type of immune response, including cell-mediated and humoral). In the case of malaria parasites, a cytotoxic T-lymphocyte response is categorically needed against the intracellular hepatocyte stage while a humoral response, with antibodies targeted against antigens from all stages of the life cycle, is also needed. Therefore, the key to success for any DNA-based therapy is to design a vector able to serve as a safe and efficient delivery system. This has encouraged the development of nonviral DNA-mediated gene-transfer techniques, such as liposomes, virosomes, microspheres and nanoparticles. Efficient and relatively safe DNA transfection using lipoplexes makes them an appealing alternative to be explored for gene delivery. In addition, liposome-entrapped DNA has been shown to enhance the potency of DNA vaccines, possibly by facilitating uptake of the plasmid by antigen-presenting cells. Another recent technology using cationic lipids has been deployed and has generated substantial interest in this approach to gene transfer. This review comprises various aspects that could be decisive in the formulation of efficient and stable carrier system(s) for the development of malaria vaccines.", "22409829": "We previously found a significant benefit of vitamin C supplementation in asthmatic children.", "15897362": "Ramipril improves cardiovascular outcome in patients with peripheral arterial disease; however, the precise mechanisms of benefit remain to be elucidated. The effect of ramipril on large-artery stiffness in patients with peripheral arterial disease was examined. In addition, we determined the effect of ramiprilat on extracellular matrix from human aortic smooth muscle cell culture. Forty patients with peripheral arterial disease were randomized to receive ramipril, 10 mg once daily or placebo for 24 weeks. Arterial stiffness was assessed globally via systemic arterial compliance and augmentation index (carotid tonometry and Doppler velocimetry), and regionally via carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibition increased arterial compliance by 0.10+/-0.02 mL/mm Hg, (P<0.001, all probability values relative to placebo) and reduced pulse wave velocity by 1.7+/-0.2 m/s (P<0.001), augmentation index by 4.1+/-0.3% (P<0.001), and systolic blood pressure by 5+/-1 mm Hg (P<0.001). Ramipril did not reduce mean arterial pressure significantly compared with placebo (P=0.59). In cell culture, ramiprilat decreased collagen deposition by >50% and increased elastin and fibrillin-1 deposition by >3- and 4-fold respectively (histochemistry and immunohistochemistry). Fibrillin-1 gene expression was increased 5-fold (real-time reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction). Ramiprilat also reduced gene and protein (Western) expression of both matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2 and MMP-3. In conclusion, ramipril promoted an elastogenic matrix profile that may contribute to the observed clinical reduction in large-artery stiffness and carotid pressure augmentation, which occurred independently of mean arterial blood pressure reduction in patients with peripheral arterial disease.", "23573102": "According to a high anti-osteoporotic efficacy of Sigma Anti-bonding Molecule Calcium Carbonate (SAC), repeated-dose toxicities of SAC were investigated to assess its feasibility as drug or functional food ingredient. Male ICR mice were given drinking water containing 0.006, 0.02 or 0.06% SAC for 4 weeks. SAC feeding decreased the body weights and feed and water consumptions of mice in a dose-dependent manner, especially, leading to severe emaciation and 70% death in 3 weeks in the high-dose (0.06%) group. Not only kidney and heart weights, but also the levels of blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, aspartate transaminase, and creatine phospokinase significantly increased after SAC administration, indicative of nephrotoxicity and cardiotoxicity. Such renal and cardiac toxicities were also confirmed by microscopic findings, exhibiting renal crystals and cardiac fibrosis, which may be due to the insoluble crystal formation and calcium overload, respectively. In conclusion, it is suggested that no observed adverse effect level of SAC is lower than 0.006% in mice, and that a long-term intake may cause serious adverse effects on renal and cardiac functions.", "19403381": "To clone a novel human testis-specific gene TDRG1.", "12407422": "We prepared a series of linearized DNA duplexes of various lengths in order to examine the effects of topology and the size of exogenous, plasmid-derived DNAs on transgene expression. These linearized DNA duplexes were capped at each end with a highly stable loop (5'-GCGAAGC-3') to produce a dumbbell-shaped construct that is refractory to exonuclease digestion in comparison to the analogous uncapped DNA duplexes. Intranuclear microinjection of the DNA dumbbells into simian COS-7 cells allowed the expression of the green fluorescent protein (GFP) gene on the linearized molecules, which was expressed five- to 10-fold more than that on the circular DNA of the same size. In addition, the expression by the dumbbell DNA was higher than that by the circular plasmid for at least 14 days. Interestingly, the size of the dumbbell DNA affected the transgene expression upon their microinjection into cell nuclei. The GFP expression efficiency increased with decreasing DNA size below a DNA size of 5.7 kb. The effects of topology and size on the expression of DNAs transfected with cationic lipids are similar to those of DNAs microinjected into cell nuclei. In contrast, microinjection into the cytosol showed the inverse size dependency over a range of 2.3 to 9.4 kb. Thus, transcription of a transgene in the nucleus, but not endocytosis or nuclear entry, was influenced by the exogenous DNA structure, and this was the primary determinant of transgene expression upon transfection under our conditions. These results indicate that small, linearized DNA duplexes that are end-capped with a highly stable loop (dumbbell-shaped DNA) would be very useful for nonviral gene therapy.", "21975687": "The role of supplemental oxygen therapy in the healing of colorectal anastomosis is still very much at an experimental stage. The aim of the present study, prospective randomized, was to assess the effect of administration of perioperative supplemental oxygen therapy on infraperitoneal anastomosis, where the risk of leakage is higher.", "14963337": "Somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT) technology has recently been used to generate animals with a common genetic composition. In this study, we report the derivation of a pluripotent embryonic stem (ES) cell line (SCNT-hES-1) from a cloned human blastocyst. The SCNT-hES-1 cells displayed typical ES cell morphology and cell surface markers and were capable of differentiating into embryoid bodies in vitro and of forming teratomas in vivo containing cell derivatives from all three embryonic germ layers in severe combined immunodeficient mice. After continuous proliferation for more than 70 passages, SCNT-hES-1 cells maintained normal karyotypes and were genetically identical to the somatic nuclear donor cells. Although we cannot completely exclude the possibility that the cells had a parthenogenetic origin, imprinting analyses support a SCNT origin of the derived human ES cells.", "16478859": "Churg-Strauss syndrome (CSS) is a rare form of systemic vasculitis occurring in patients with asthma and hypereosinophilia. For optimal treatment, prompt distinction of CSS from asthma is necessary; however, there are few serologic screening markers for this purpose. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), a vascular permeability factor, has been associated with other systemic vasculitis such as Wegener granulomatosis and giant-cell arteritis.", "16200333": "CD30 antigen has long been considered to be restricted to tumour cells of Hodgkin's disease, of anaplastic large cell lymphoma and T and B activated lymphocytes. Expression of CD30 antigen has been reported in the decidual stroma, cultivated macrophages, lipoblasts, myoepithelial cells, reactive and neoplastic vascular lesions, mesotheliomas, embryonal carcinoma and seminoma cells. The fact that the CD30 molecule can mediate signals for cell proliferation or apoptosis prompted us to perform a systematic investigation of CD30 antigen expression in embryonal tissues during the proliferation and differentiation stages. We first targeted foetal human intestinal cryptae cells with positive results. The epidermis is a dynamic epithelium that is constantly renewed throughout life. Its turnover is estimated at about 7 days in mice and about 60 days in humans. This rapid replacement demands, as with other epithelial tissues, that an adult has stem cells capable of supplying differentiated cells throughout life. The most basic and widely accepted criteria for these stem cells are that they have a high capacity for self-renewal and the ability to generate daughter cells that undergo terminal differentiation. Not all of the proliferative cells in the basal layer are stem cells and we were intrigued to find out if stem or other cells in the basal layer can express the CD30 antigen.", "23761553": "Currently used morphologic criteria have limitations in assessing tumor response to chemotherapy because of the relatively slow tumor shrinkage as measured by conventional morphologic imaging. Functional imaging techniques show promising results in early assessment of tumor response to treatment.", "15659666": "Proteome analysis of Corynebacterium glutamicum ATCC 13032 showed that levels of several proteins increased drastically in response to heat shock. These proteins were identified as DnaK, GroEL1, GroEL2, ClpB, GrpE, and PoxB, and their heat response was in agreement with previous transcriptomic results. A major heat-induced protein was absent in the proteome of strain 13032B of C. glutamicum, used for genome sequencing in Germany, compared with the wild-type ATCC 13032 strain. The missing protein was identified as GroEL1 by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight peptide mass fingerprinting, and the mutation was found to be due to an insertion sequence, IsCg1, that was integrated at position 327 downstream of the translation start codon of the groEL1 gene, resulting in a truncated transcript of this gene, as shown by Northern analysis. The GroEL1 chaperone is, therefore, dispensable in C. glutamicum. On the other hand, GroEL2 appears to be essential for growth. Based on these results, the role of the duplicate groEL1 and groEL2 genes is analyzed.", "16487061": "Alanine is the most effective precursor for gluconeogenesis among amino acids, and the initial reaction is catalyzed by alanine aminotransferase (AlaAT). Although the enzyme activity increases during fasting, this effect has not been studied extensively. The present study describes the purification and characterization of an isoform of AlaAT from rat liver under fasting. The molecular mass of the enzyme is 17.7 kD with an isoelectric point of 4.2; glutamine is the N-terminal residue. The enzyme showed narrow substrate specificity for L-alanine with Km values for alanine of 0.51 mM and for 2-oxoglutarate of 0.12 mM. The enzyme is a glycoprotein. Spectroscopic and inhibition studies showed that pyridoxal phosphate (PLP) and free -SH groups are involved in the enzymatic catalysis. PLP activated the enzyme with a Km of 0.057 mM.", "16822947": "HIV protease inhibitors are important pharmacological agents used in the treatment of HIV-infected patients. One of the major disadvantages of HIV protease inhibitors is that they increase several cardiovascular risk factors, including the expression of CD36 in macrophages. The expression of CD36 in macrophages promotes the accumulation of cholesterol, the development of foam cells, and ultimately atherosclerosis. Recent studies have suggested that alpha-tocopherol can prevent HIV protease inhibitor-induced increases in macrophage CD36 levels. Because of the potential clinical utility of using alpha-tocopherol to limit some of the side effects of HIV protease inhibitors, we tested the ability of alpha-tocopherol to prevent ritonavir, a common HIV protease inhibitor, from inducing atherosclerosis in the LDL receptor (LDLR) null mouse model. Surprisingly, alpha-tocopherol did not prevent ritonavir-induced atherosclerosis. However, cotreatment with the nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTIs), didanosine or D4T, did prevent ritonavir-induced atherosclerosis. Using macrophages isolated from LDLR null mice, we demonstrated that the NRTIs prevented the upregulation of CD36 and cholesterol accumulation in macrophages. Treatment of LDLR null mice with NRTIs promoted the ubiquitination and downregulation of protein kinase Calpha (PKC). Previous studies demonstrated that HIV protease inhibitor activation of PKC was necessary for the upregulation of CD36. Importantly, the in vivo inhibition of PKC with chelerythrine prevented ritonavir-induced upregulation of CD36, accumulation of cholesterol, and the formation of atherosclerotic lesions. These novel mechanistic studies suggest that NRTIs may provide protection from one of the negative side effects associated with HIV protease inhibitors, namely the increase in CD36 levels and subsequent cholesterol accumulation and atherogenesis.", "24580774": "Coronary chronic total occlusion (CTO) is the last stage of coronary artery atherosclerosis. Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is a therapeutic procedure used to recanalize vessels with total occlusion. However, successful recanalization of CTO is still not optimal, and the key influence factors are still uncertainty. Therefore, a scientific evaluation on the effective of PCI for CTO treatment is necessary.", "19583665": "To explore nurses' attitudes towards perinatal bereavement care and to identify factors associated with these attitudes.", "15741619": "Cyclooxygenase (COX)-2-specific inhibitors demonstrate analgesic efficacy comparable with that of conventional nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs but are associated with reduced gastrointestinal side effects and an absence of antiplatelet activity. Thus, they can be administered to patients undergoing spinal fusion surgery without an added risk of bleeding. However, concerns regarding a possible deleterious effect on bone-healing have limited their routine use. Celecoxib, a COX-2 inhibitor, recently was approved for the treatment of acute pain. The goals of the present study were to examine the analgesic efficacy of celecoxib and to determine the incidence of nonunion at one year following spinal fusion surgery.", "26473146": "Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibition is a new treatment for type-2 diabetes. DPP-4 inhibition increases levels of active GLP-1. GLP-1 enhances insulin secretion and diminishes glucagon secretion, in this manner reducing glucose concentrations in blood. A number of DPP-4 inhibitors are under clinical development. However, the durability and long-term safety of DPP-4 inhibition remain to be established. These synthetic DPP-4 inhibitors are showing some side effects. Herbal medicines are alternative medicine over synthetic drugs that can relieve the patients. Various research studies have been carried all over the world to evaluate the efficacy of herbs in the treatment of Type II diabetes mellitus. For a long time type II diabetes mellitus has been treated orally with herbal medicines, because plant products are frequently prescribed due to their less toxicity than conventional medicines. ", "22360771": "\u2002The Beckman Coulter DxH 300\u2122 is a hematology analyzer that performs a CBC and 3-part WBC differential and incorporates new electronic, algorithm and mechanical design.", "14652118": "To evaluate the efficacy and safety of propofol (at a subhypnotic dose), droperidol, and metoclopramide in reducing emetic symptoms during cesarean delivery.", "18821853": "DDR2 (discoidin domain receptor 2) regulates collagen turnover mediated by SMCs (smooth muscle cells) in atherosclerosis. HBO (hyperbaric oxygen) has been used in medical practice; however, the molecular mechanism of the beneficial effects of HBO is poorly understood. Furthermore, the effect of HBO on DDR2 has not been reported previously. In the present study, we investigated the cellular and molecular mechanisms of DDR2 regulation by HBO in VSMCs (vascular SMCs). Cells were exposed to 2.5 ATA (atmosphere absolute) of oxygen in a hyperbaric chamber. DDR2 protein (3.63-fold) and mRNA (2.34-fold) expression were significantly increased after exposure to 2.5 ATA HBO for 1 h. Addition of SB203580 and p38 MAPK (mitogen-activated protein kinase) siRNA (small interfering RNA) 30 min before HBO inhibited the induction of DDR2 protein. HBO also significantly increased DNA-protein binding activity of Myc/Max. Addition of SB203580 and an anti-TNF-alpha (tumour necrosis factor-alpha) monoclonal antibody 30 min before HBO abolished the DNA-protein binding activity induced by HBO. HBO significantly increased the secretion of TNF-alpha from cultured VSMCs. Exogenous addition of TNF-alpha significantly increased DDR2 protein expression, whereas anti-TNF-alpha and anti-(TNF-alpha receptor) antibodies blocked the induction of DDR2 protein expression. HBO significantly increased VSMC migration and proliferation, whereas DDR2 siRNA inhibited the migration induced by HBO. HBO increased activated MMP2 (matrix metalloproteinase 2) protein expression, and DDR2 siRNA abolished the induction of activated MMP2 expression induced by HBO. In conclusion, HBO activates DDR2 expression in cultured rat VSMCs. HBO-induced DDR2 is mediated by TNF-alpha and at least in part through the p38 MAPK and Myc pathways.", "11490022": "Human macrophage hybridoma cells were used to study HLA-DR expression after HIV-1 infection. HLA-DR surface expression was lost 2 wk after infection that was associated with decreased mRNA transcription. Transfecting HLA-DR-alpha and HLA-DR-beta cDNA driven by a nonphysiological CMV promoter restored expression, suggesting that regulatory DNA-binding proteins may be affected by HIV-1 infection. There was no protein binding to conserved class II DNA elements (W/Z/S box, X-1 and X-2 boxes, and Y box) in a HIV-1-infected human macrophage hybridoma cell line, 43(HIV), and in primary monocytes that lost HLA-DR expression after HIV-1(BaL) infection. PCR analysis of the HIV-1-infected cells that lost HLA-DR expression revealed mRNA for W/Z/S (RFX-5), X-1 (RFX-5), X-2 (hX-2BP), and one Y box DNA-binding protein (NF-YB), and CIITA, a non-DNA-binding protein necessary for class II transcription. There was no mRNA for the Y box-binding protein, NF-YA. However, HLA-DR expression could be restored by transfection with NF-YA driven by a CMV promoter, although HLA-DR failed to localize in either the late endosomes, lysosomes, or acidic compartments. This was associated with a loss of class II-associated invariant chain peptide and leupeptin-induced protein in the 43(HIV) cells. To address this further, non-HIV-1-infected 43 cells were infected with vaccinia virus containing HIV-1 gag, nef, pol, and env proteins. HLA-DR failed to localize in neither the late endosomes, lysosomes, or acidic compartments in the vaccinia-infected cells containing HIV-1 env protein. HIV-1 appears to have multiple effects on class II expression in monocytic cells that may contribute to the immune defects seen in HIV-1-infected patients.", "24589031": "An embryonic toxicity of Rhizoma sparganii was observed in mice. This study was aimed to evaluate the anticancer effects of Grailsine-Al-glycoside, the bioactive component of Rhizoma sparganii, on estrogen receptor-positive (ER+) and estrogen receptor-negative (ER-) cancer cell lines.", "25416437": "The aim of this manuscript is to analyze the diagnostic and prognostic value of circulating miR-18a in the plasma of patients with gastric cancer. In this study, 82 patients with gastric cancer and 65 healthy controls were enrolled in the study, and 10\u00a0ml of peripheral venous blood was collected for RNA extraction. miR-18a expression was determined using TaqMan quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction assay and was further correlated with patients' clinicopathological parameters and the follow-up data. The results indicated that plasma miR-18a was upregulated in gastric cancer patients compared with healthy controls (P\u2009<\u20090.001). miR-18a yielded an area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve of 0.907 with 80.5\u00a0% sensitivity and 84.6\u00a0% specificity in discriminating gastric cancer from healthy controls. Plasma miR-18a expression was significantly associated with pathological grade (P\u2009=\u20090.036) and lymph node status (P\u2009=\u20090.025), but not with tumor stage (P\u2009=\u20090.075). Both log-rank test and univariate Cox regression analysis showed that the higher miR-18a expression in plasma was associated with shorter disease-free survival and disease-specific survival of the patients with gastric cancer (P\u2009=\u20090.023 and P\u2009=\u20090.027; P\u2009=\u20090.036 and P\u2009=\u20090.043, respectively), which was also not proven by multivariate Cox regression analysis (P\u2009=\u20090.238 and P\u2009=\u20090.160, respectively). In conclusion, this study showed that miR-18a may be a promising biomarker for the detection of gastric cancer and its upregulation may be potentially associated with unfavorable prognosis of bladder cancer, suggesting that miR-18a might serve as a potential biological marker for further risk stratification in the management of gastric cancer. ", "27775785": "We discussed the diagnostic value of joint detection of homocysteine (HCY) and red blood cell volume distribution width variable coefficient on acute myocardial infarction (AMI).", "22229754": "To translate the original English version of the Geriatric Oral Health Assessment Index (GOHAI) into Hindi and assess its validity and reliability for use among people in India.", "20656892": "Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) is a disabling condition characterized by PA vasoconstriction and remodeling as well as in situ thrombosis and eventual right heart failure. Idiopathic PAH occurs more frequently in females than in males. The female:male ratio is 1.64 \u223c 3.88:1. Although endogenous sex hormones including estrogen have been suggested to account for the observed gender differences in PAH, a precise pathobiology for the gender differences remains uncertain. Recent studies demonstrated that estrogen exerts beneficial effects on the pulmonary vasculature. However, it seems to contradict the female predominance that is observed in idiopathic PAH. Moreover, Sweeney and Voelkel (Sweeney L and Voelkel NF. Eur J Med Res 14: 433-442, 2009) showed that early and long-term estrogen exposure might be correlated with an increased risk of the development of PAH. Here we ask the question: Is estrogen a friend or a foe? According to accumulating evidence, we postulate that the different effects of estrogens on different target cells could account for this paradox, i.e., estrogens may exert beneficial effects only on the increased muscularization of vessel walls, but not on phenotypically altered endothelial cells. The effects of estrogens on the pulmonary vasculature are potent and complex, yet not fully understood. A better mechanistic understanding may allow for future therapeutic interventions in patients with PAH.", "22065926": "To specifically deliver paclitaxel (PTX) to retinoblastoma (RB) cells, the anionic surface-charged poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) NPs loaded with paclitaxel were conjugated with epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM) antibody for enhancing site-specific intracellular delivery of paclitaxel against EpCAM overexpressing RB cells.", "17470215": "Theoretical frameworks provide generalised accounts of illness action although empirical studies of the process are still in short supply. This study of upper limb pain provided a case study of illness action; as it is a common condition, there is uncertainty about its treatment and management, orthodox and non-orthodox care are seen as legitimate sources of help and it is linked with a range of causes. Face-to-face informal interviews were carried out with 47 informants with upper limb pain and their practitioners (n= 19). The data were analysed in two different ways. The general stages of the illness action process were identified through a descriptive analysis of the upper limb pain sufferers' accounts and the policies and practices reported by their practitioners. Then, case studies were constructed to depict individual pathways through healthcare and consequences for sufferers. The illness action process was characterised by the normalisation and accommodation of pain informed by a discourse that predominantly invoked ageing and the wear and tear of the body. Practitioners also preferred to adopt a biomechanical approach and were reluctant to attribute psychosocial labels. The case studies illustrated the divergent, negotiated and opportunistic nature of the process and showed that the use of both orthodox and non-orthodox care formed only part of strategies used to manage upper limb pain. Sufferers evaluated the care they received in terms of pain alleviation, and were resigned to searching for the best way of living with their pain.", "26403628": "A prospective study was established to assess the sensitivity and specificity of the new Saccomanni (SAC) test for isolated AC pathology, and compare with 4 commonly used clinical tests.", "25613067": "The aim of this study was to determine the effect of cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) on renal cell carcinoma (RCC) tumor proliferation, migration, and development of drug resistance, thus underlying their potential as therapeutic targets in RCC patients. CAFs were grown in primary cultures. The in vitro model of interaction of RCC cell lines with CAFs was established. The influence of CAFs on the proliferation and migration ability as well as sensitivity to everolimus of RCC cells was further analyzed. Furthermore, Western blotting analysis was performed to examine the mechanisms mediating the effect of CAFs on RCC cells. The results of the MTT assay showed that coculture with CAFs increased the proliferation activity of both 786-O and Caki-1 cells compared with serum-free medium controls. The migration ability of RCC cell lines was also significantly enhanced after coculture treatment compared with untreated control. The inhibition effect of everolimus on 786-O and Caki-1 cells abrogated in cocultures with CAFs. The sensitivity of both two cell lines to everolimus was dramatically decreased when cocultured with CAFs. RCC cells cocultured with CAFs resulted in the activation of both proliferation-related (Erks) and survival-related (Akt) pathways. These data indicate that CAFs have an important role in supporting and promoting RCC. The interaction of CAFs with RCC cell lines stimulates tumor cell proliferation and migration and induces resistance to everolimus in RCC cells, suggesting that target of the tumor microenvironment may be a novel targeted therapies for RCC. ", "26981138": "Introduction. The link between patient-clinician communication and its effect on clinical outcomes is an important clinical issue that is yet to be elucidated. Objective. Investigating if communication type (positive or neutral) about the expected treatment outcome affected (i) participants' expectations and (ii) short-term relaxation effects in response to genuine or sham acupuncture and investigating if expectations were related to outcome. Methods. Healthy volunteers (n = 243, mean age of 42) were randomized to one treatment with genuine or sham acupuncture. Within groups, participants were randomized to positive or neutral communication, regarding expected treatment effects. Visual Analogue Scales (0-100 millimeters) were used to measure treatment expectations and relaxation, directly before and after treatment. Results. Participants in the positive communication group reported higher treatment expectancy, compared to the neutral communication group (md 12 versus 6\u2009mm, p = 0.002). There was no difference in relaxation effects between acupuncture groups or between communication groups. Participants with high baseline expectancy perceived greater improvement in relaxation, compared to participants with low baseline levels (md 27 versus 15\u2009mm, p = 0.022). Conclusion. Our data highlights the importance of expectations for treatment outcome and demonstrates that expectations can be effectively manipulated using a standardized protocol that in future research may be implemented in clinical trials. ", "17445657": "To describe the initial assessment of early prostate cancer antigen (EPCA)-2 as a serum marker for the detection of prostate cancer and to examine its sensitivity and specificity.", "22139679": "SHINBARO is a purified extract from a mixture of 6 oriental herbs (Ledebouriellae Radix, Achyranthis Radix, Acanthopanacis Cortex, Cibotii Rhizoma, Glycine Semen, and Eucommiae Cortex) that have been used as a traditional medicine for treatment of several inflammatory diseases and bone disorders. We determined antiinflammatory and antinociceptive activities of SHINBARO in adjuvant-induced (osteo)arthritis in rats. This potential anti-(osteo)arthritic property of SHINBARO can be due to the downregulation of inflammatory mediators such as iNOS, COX-2, and TNF-\u03b1, the increase of pain threshold in the peripheral system, the activation of alkaline phosphatase in osteoblasts, the suppression of proteoglycan degradation, and the inhibition of MMP-2 and MMP-9 activities as demonstrated by in vitro and in vivo experimental studies. We confirmed that SHINBARO is as effective as celecoxib, a selective COX-2 inhibitor, but it has the better safety profile in clinical trials. Finally, SHINBARO was approved as a New Herbal Medicine for treatment of osteoarthritis by Korean FDA on January 25(th), 2011.", "1569576": "The complete amino acid sequence of a neuronal myosin heavy chain (MHC) from mammalian brain (1999 amino acids, 230 kDa) has been deduced by sequencing cDNA clones isolated from a rat brain cDNA library. The library was screened using an affinity-purified polyclonal antibody that had been raised against myosin purified from a neuronally-derived cell line (Neuro-2A). Restriction digests of genomic DNA from Neuro-2A cells and rat brain are consistent with an identity of the sequenced isoform from these two sources. RNA blot analysis demonstrates this myosin to exhibit differential expression within the cerebral cortex and spinal cord. No expression was observed in liver, kidney, heart, spleen or skeletal muscle, or even within other regions of the brain. The sequence of this neuronal MHC is compared with those of other non-muscle MHCs, to which it shows an overall similarity of structure, especially with respect to conserved regions within the head (ATP binding site, actin binding site, reactive thiols) and the presence of an alpha-helical coiled-coil tail that can be arranged as 28-residue repeating units plus four skip residues. A unique non-helical tailpiece composed of 72 amino acid residues marks the C-terminus of this neuronal myosin isoform.", "20116265": "We have recently identified a new class of high affinity ligands for CD69 leukocyte membrane receptor, carboxylated calixarenes. Of the three compounds investigated here, thiacalix[4]arene had the highest affinity for CD69 in direct binding assays, and proved to be the most specific inhibitor of CD69 identified so far in receptor precipitation and cellular activation experiments. Carboxylated calixarenes also proved effective at protection of CD69(high) lymphocytes from apoptosis triggered by a multivalent ligand or antibody. Thus, carboxylated calixarenes set a new paradigm for noncarbohydrate ligands for CD69 making them attractive for protection of killer cells in combined animal tumor therapies.", "160560": "When propagated on arl strains (a subclass of Escherichia coli hyper-rec mutants), lambda \"Red-\" duplication phages accumulated an enhanced potential for recombination. The physical properties of the recombinogenic phages thus obtained (\"Arl-\" phages) were similar to those of phages grown on arl+ bacteria. However, Arl- phage DNA was cleaved by endonuclease S1 under conditions such that the nuclease is specific for single-stranded DNA;DNA from control phages was S1-resistant. The number of S1 sites (defined by the apparent decrease in single-strand molecular weight) reached a maximum (seven to nine sites per strand of lambda DNA) after five or six rounds of growth on arl bacteria. Similarly, the recombinogenicity of Arl- phages reached a limiting value (recombination frequency, 15%) that was 5 times that of Arl+ phages. Recombinogenicity and S1 susceptibility were accumulated concomitantly during growth on arl+ bacteria. If all increased recombination occurred at the S1 sites, then these regions (about 40 bases each) were about 300 times as recombinogenic as normal DNA regions of the same size, and 1.5 times as recombinogenic as UV-induced lesions. Chromosomal DNA and plasmid DNA (pBR322) from arl cells were more susceptible to nuclease S1 than was DNA from arl+ bacteria. Analysis of the cleavage products suggests that the S1 sites on Arl- lambda phage DNA are located randomly.", "22213426": "Human pancreatic cancer (PC) is an aggressive disease, which has been recapitulated in transgenic animal model that provides unique opportunity for mechanistic understanding of disease progression and also for testing the efficacy of novel therapeutics. Emerging evidence suggests deregulated expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) in human PC, and thus we investigated the expression of miRNAs in pancreas tissues obtained from transgenic mouse models of K-Ras (K), Pdx1-Cre (C), K-Ras;Pdx1-Cre (KC), and K-Ras;Pdx1-Cre;INK4a/Arf (KCI), initially from pooled RNA samples using miRNA profiling, and further confirmed in individual specimens by quantitative RT-PCR. We found over-expression of miR-21, miR-221, miR-27a, miR-27b, and miR-155, and down-regulation of miR-216a, miR-216b, miR-217, and miR-146a expression in tumors derived from KC and KCI mouse model, which was consistent with data from KCI-derived RInk-1 cells. Mechanistic investigations revealed a significant induction of EGFR, K-Ras, and MT1-MMP protein expression in tissues from both KC and KCI mouse compared to tissues from K or C, and these results were consistent with similar findings in RInk-1 cells compared to human MIAPaCa-2 cells. Furthermore, miR-155 knock-down in RInk-1 cells resulted in the inhibition of cell growth and colony formation consistent with down-regulation of EGFR, MT1-MMP, and K-Ras expression. In addition, miR-216b which target Ras, and forced re-expression of miR-216b in RInk-1 cells showed inhibition of cell proliferation and colony formation, which was correlated with reduced expression of Ras, EGFR, and MT1-MMP. These findings suggest that these models would be useful for preclinical evaluation of novel miRNA-targeted agents for designing personalized therapy for PC.", "22991669": "Background. Hallux rigidus is a chronic, disabling condition of foot characterized by reduced great toe extension. The manual therapy approaches are described theoretically however their practical published evidence has not been analyzed well. Objective. Aim of the present paper was to systematically review the literature available for therapeutic management of the hallux rigidus by identifying and evaluating the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and non-RCTs. Methods. To view the hallux rigidus and its rehabilitation, a webbased published literature search of Pubmed, Ovid Medline, Science direct, Cochrane Database, PEDro database, CINAHL was conducted for last 35 years in August 2010 using 4 specific keywords \"hallux rigidus, physical therapy, chiropractic, and manual therapy\" typed in exactly same manner in the search column of the databases. Result. the review finds that there is acute need of the quality studies and RCTs for the manual therapy, chiropractic, or physiotherapeutic management of the hallux rigidus. Conclusion. Review conclude that conservative programs for hallux rigidus consists of comprehensive intervention program that includes great toe mobilization, toe flexor strengthening, sesamoid bones mobilization and long MTP joint. The clinician should put an emphasis on the mobilization program with proper follow up along with comparative studies for rehabilitation of hallux rigidus.", "22278973": "The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of blonanserin, a novel antipsychotic, on cognitive function in first-episode schizophrenia.", "17519423": "Obesity is associated with insulin resistance and a state of abnormal inflammatory response. The Toll-like receptor (TLR)4 has an important role in inflammation and immunity, and its expression has been reported in most tissues of the body, including the insulin-sensitive ones. Because it is activated by lipopolysaccharide and saturated fatty acids, which are inducers of insulin resistance, TLR4 may be a candidate for participation in the cross-talk between inflammatory and metabolic signals. Here, we show that C3H/HeJ mice, which have a loss-of-function mutation in TLR4, are protected against the development of diet-induced obesity. In addition, these mice demonstrate decreased adiposity, increased oxygen consumption, a decreased respiratory exchange ratio, improved insulin sensitivity, and enhanced insulin-signaling capacity in adipose tissue, muscle, and liver compared with control mice during high-fat feeding. Moreover, in these tissues, control mice fed a high-fat diet show an increase in IkappaB kinase complex and c-Jun NH(2)-terminal kinase activity, which is prevented in C3H/HeJ mice. In isolated muscles from C3H/HeJ mice, protection from saturated fatty acid-induced insulin resistance is observed. Thus, TLR4 appears to be an important mediator of obesity and insulin resistance and a potential target for the therapy of these highly prevalent medical conditions.", "21517120": "Efficient syntheses of several members of a new class of symmetric, monocarboxylate-functionalized cyanine dyes have been developed. The synthesis is a simple two-step method, typically with greater than 60% yield and easy final product purification. The new monocarboxylate-functionalized cyanine dyes exhibit excellent water solubility and similar excitation and emission properties to those of Cy5 and Alexa Fluor 647. The application of the new dyes in cellular imaging has been demonstrated through direct conjugating of the dye with an antibody, then imaging of microtubules inside cells, visualized by near-infrared fluorescence microscopy.", "19116866": "The c-Myc and human telomerase reverse transcriptase gene (hTERT) gene are frequently deregulated and overexpressed in malignancy. hTERT activity is induced by c-Myc and strategies designed to inhibit c-Myc expression in cancer cells may have considerable therapeutic value. We designed and used a short hairpin RNA to inhibit c-Myc expression in Colo 320 cells and validated its effect on cell proliferation. In this study, four c-Myc-shRNA expression vectors were constructed and introduced into Colo 320 cells. The effects of c-Myc silencing on tumor cell growth was assessed by soft agar assay and DNA synthesis and MTT experiments. The expressions of c-Myc and hTERT were also assessed by real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analysis. Upon transient transfection with plasmid encoding shRNA, it was found that expression of c-Myc and hTERT decreased in shRNA-transfected cells. The downregulation of c-Myc and hTERT inhibited cell growth, shortened telomere lengths, and suppressed telomerase activity. In conclusion, our findings demonstrate that shRNA of c-Myc can inhibit the DNA replication in Colo 320 cells effectively and reduce telomere length and telomerase activity; therefore, it could be used as a new potential anticancer tool for therapy of human colon cancer.", "16455819": "The antiestrogen tamoxifen has been widely used for decades as selective estrogen receptor (ER) modulator for ERalpha-positive breast tumors. Tamoxifen significantly reduces tumor recurrence by binding to the activation function-2 (AF-2) domain of the ER. Acquired resistance to tamoxifen in breast cancer patients is a serious therapeutic problem. Antiestrogen-resistant breast cancer often shows increased expression of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family members, EGFR and ErbB2. In this report we now show that overexpression of EGFR or activated AKT-2 in MCF-7 cells leads to phosphorylation of Ser167 in the AF-1 domain of ERalpha, enhanced ER-amplified in breast cancer 1 (ER:AIB1) interaction in the presence of tamoxifen, and resistance to tamoxifen. In contrast, transfection of activated MAPK kinase, an immediate upstream activator of MAPK (ERK 1 and 2) into MCF-7 cells leads to phosphorylation of Ser118 in the AF-1 domain of ERalpha, inhibition of ER-amplified in breast cancer 1 (ER:AIB1) interaction in the presence of Tam, and maintenance of sensitivity to tamoxifen. Inhibition of AKT by short inhibitory RNA blocked Ser167 phosphorylation in ER and restored tamoxifen sensitivity. However, maximum sensitivity to tamoxifen was observed when both AKT and MAPK were inhibited. Taken together, these data demonstrate that different phosphorylation sites in the AF-1 domain of ERalpha regulate the agonistic and antagonistic actions of tamoxifen in human breast cancer cells.", "26628932": "The medium composition and fermentation conditions of Ganoderma applanatum(GA) strain were optimized by the liquid shake flask fermentation, and the antioxidant activity of exopolysaccharides was investigated. The results showed that the optimal conditions of the liquid fermentation of GA strain were as follows: Carbon source was corn powder, nitrogen source was soy powder, the initial pH was 6.0, the inoculum size was 8\uff05, the fermentation temperature was 32(o)C, the fermentation time was 7 d. The exopolysaccharides of GA strain could scavenge hydroxyl radicals(HR) and superoxide anion radicals(SAR), and the concentration of exopolysaccharides was positively related to the antioxidant activity. ", "17290060": "The purpose of this study was to develop an integrated genomic-based approach to personalized treatment of patients with advanced-stage ovarian cancer. We have used gene expression profiles to identify patients likely to be resistant to primary platinum-based chemotherapy and also to identify alternate targeted therapeutic options for patients with de novo platinum-resistant disease.", "12538722": "We have previously described a soluble 6000-Da peptide produced by an HIV-1-infected human macrophage cell line, clone 43(HIV), which induces apoptosis in T and B cells. We have identified this factor as the novel cDNA clone FL14676485 that encodes for the human hypothetical protein, FLJ21908. The FL14676485 cDNA clone was isolated from a 43(HIV) lambda ZAP Escherichia coli expression library and screened with a panel of rabbit and mouse anti-apoptotic Abs. We transfected the FL14676485 clone into Bosc cells and non-HIV-1-infected 43 cells. Western blot analysis of lysates from the FL14676485-transfected 43 cells and Bosc cells using anti-proapoptotic factor Abs revealed a protein with a molecular mass of 66 kDa corresponding to the size of the full-length gene product of the FL14676485 clone, while Western blot of the supernatant demonstrated a doublet of 46-kDa and 6000-Da peptide that corresponds to our previously described proapoptotic factor. Primary HIV-1(BaL)-infected monocytes also produce the FLJ21908 protein. Supernatants from these transfected cells induced apoptosis in PBMC, CD4(+), and CD8(+) T and B cells similar to the activity of our previously described proapoptotic factor. PCR analysis of 43 cells and 43(HIV) cells revealed a base pair fragment of 420 bp corresponding to the FL14676485 gene product in 43(HIV) cells, but not in 43 cells. The FLJ21908 protein induces apoptosis through activation of caspase-9 and caspase-3. We have further demonstrated that the FLJ21908 protein has apoptotic activity in the SH-SY5Y neuronal cell line and can be detected in brain and lymph tissue from HIV-1-infected patients who have AIDS dementia. The FLJ21908 protein may contribute to the apoptosis and dementia observed in AIDS patients.", "21042019": "Golgi protein 73 (GP73) expressions have been detected in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and bile duct carcinoma.", "26448745": "This study is designed to determine the contamination degree of hospital water supplies with Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Legionella pneumophila, and E. coli in Gilan, Iran. Samples were collected directly into sterile containers and concentrated by centrifuge. Half part of any sample transferred to yeast extract broth and the second part transferred to Trypticase Soy Broth and incubated for 3 days. DNA was extracted by using commercial kit. Four rounds of PCR were performed as follows: multiplex PCR for detecting Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Integron 1, and Metallo-\u03b2-lactamases gene; PCR for detecting Legionella pneumophila and mip gene separately; PCR for detecting E. coli; and another PCR for detecting whole bacterial presence. Contamination rates of cold, warm, and incubator water samples with P. aeruginosa, were 16.6%, 37.5%, and 6.8% consequently. Degrees of contamination with L. pneumophila were 3.3%, 9.3%, and 10.9% and with E. coli were zero, 6.2%, and zero. Total bacterial contamination of cold, warm, and incubator water samples was 93.3%, 84.4%, and 89.0% consequently. Metallo-\u03b2-lactamases gene was found in 20.0% of all samples. Contamination degree with P. aeruginosa was considerable and with L. pneumophila was moderate. Metallo-\u03b2-lactamases gene was found frequently indicating widespread multiple drug resistance bacteria. We suggest using new decontamination method based on nanotechnology. ", "26628976": "Arterial restenosis after percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) significantly reduces its therapeutic efficacy in treating lower extremity atherosclerotic occlusive diseases (LEAOD). Early external X-ray external radiation has demonstrated positive effects on restenosis; however, effective dosing and the mechanism(s) underlying its efficacy remain unknown. This study explored the effect of early external X-ray radiation on preventing post-PTA restenosis in an iliac intimal injury model.", "6337398": "The c-ras1H oncogene can be distinguished from its normal cellular counterpart by the loss of a restriction endonuclease site. This sequence alteration is the basis of a rapid screening method for the presence of this oncogene. DNA's from 34 individuals were screened by this method, and all were homozygous for the normal allele. In contrast, DNA from a patient's bladder tumor, as well as DNA from his normal bladder and leukocytes, were heterozygous at that restriction endonuclease site. Further restriction enzyme mapping pinpointed the change in the mutant allele as being one of two nucleotides, either of which would change the 12th amino acid (glycine) in the normal c-ras1H gene product. Point mutations in the codon for this amino acid have previously been described in a bladder tumor cell line and in the viral oncogene v-rasH. These results indicate that the patient carried a c-ras1H oncogene in his germ line, raising the possibility that the c-ras1H oncogene confers a predisposition to neoplasia.", "24867712": "The chance to achieve a reward starts up the required neurobehavioral mechanisms to adapt our thoughts and actions in order to accomplish our objective. However, reward does not equally reinforce everybody but depends on interindividual motivational dispositions. Thus, immediate reward contingencies can modulate the cognitive process required for goal achievement, while individual differences in personality can affect this modulation. We aimed to test the interaction between inhibition-related brain response and motivational processing in a stop signal task by reward anticipation and whether individual differences in sensitivity to reward (SR) modulate such interaction. We analyzed the cognitive-motivational interaction between the brain pattern activation of the regions involved in correct and incorrect response inhibition and the association between such brain activations and SR scores. We also analyzed the behavioral effects of reward on both reaction times for the \"go\" trials before and after correct and incorrect inhibition in order to test error prediction performance and postinhibition adjustment. Our results show enhanced activation during response inhibition under reward contingencies in frontal, parietal, and subcortical areas. Moreover, activation of the right insula and the left putamen positively correlates with the SR scores. Finally, the possibility of reward outcome affects not only response inhibition performance (e.g., reducing stop signal reaction time), but also error prediction performance and postinhibition adjustment. Therefore, reward contingencies improve behavioral performance and enhance brain activation during response inhibition, and SR is related to brain activation. Our results suggest the conditions and factors that subserve cognitive control strategies in cognitive motivational interactions during response inhibition. ", "20460426": "Our previous studies suggest that the SNARE protein synaptosomal-associated protein of 23 kDa (SNAP23) is involved in the link between increased lipid levels and insulin resistance in cardiomyocytes. The objective was to determine whether SNAP23 may also be involved in the known association between lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle and insulin resistance/type 2 diabetes in humans, as well as to identify a potential regulator of SNAP23.", "8213314": "Tumescent injection of tissues in preparation for suction lipectomy appears to be safe and effective. It allows lipoplasty of a wide range of volumes and areas in an office setting under oral sedation and without the need for fluid replacement. Few plastic surgeons believe this or have experience with the technique. This article documents the study of the characteristics of tumescent injection, demonstrates its effectiveness and utility, and addresses issues raised by those who doubt that this is a major improvement in accomplishing suction lipectomy. One hundred consecutive cases were treated over two and a half years without using any intravenous fluid or intravenous medication. Results of this survey are tabulated and discussed. They show the safety and advantages of this adjunct to lipoplasty.", "25424784": "We developed a dynamic compartmental model to assess the impact of HPV Universal Mass Vaccination with Cervarix(\u00ae), which offers protection against HPV16/18 and cross-protection against other cancer-causing types, using up-to-date efficacy data. \u00a0 Analyses were performed in the UK because of the large amount of high quality epidemiological data available. For each HPV type/group of types considered, the model was calibrated to 14 epidemiological data sets (prevalence of HPV infection, cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN): CIN1, CIN2, CIN3 pre-screening and cervical cancer (CC) incidence over 10 years post-screening). Impacts of cross-protection, female catch-up vaccination, and additional male vaccination on oncogenic infections, high-grade CIN (CIN2+) and CC were evaluated. Our results show that female UMV with 80% coverage and cross-protection against high-risk types resulted in 79% CIN2+ and 84% CC reductions vs. 55% and 71%, respectively, without cross-protection. Vaccinating 40% of males and 80% of females was equivalent to 90% female-only coverage regarding CIN2+ (85% and 86%, respectively) and CC (90% and 91%, respectively) reductions. Female-only coverage of 80% substantially reduced male HPV16 and 18 infection due to herd protection (59% and 80%, respectively). Increasing female coverage to 90% reduced HPV16 and HPV18 infections in males similarly to 80% female combined with 20% and 40% male coverage, respectively. Model outcomes strengthen previous conclusions about the significant added value of Cervarix(\u00ae) cross-protection for CC prevention, the primary HPV vaccination public health priority. Regarding female CC prevention and male HPV16/18 infection, small increases in female coverage induce similar benefits achieved by additionally vaccinating men with 20-40% coverage. ", "20861846": "Parkinson's disease (PD) is one of the most commonly occurring neurodegenerative disorders, with lifetime incidence between 1 and 2% among people older than 65 years. ED is one of the more disabling and poorly addressed aspects of PD. The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of sildenafil citrate in Parkinson-emergent ED. Sexual function of participants was assessed using responses to the 15-question International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF), Sexual Encounter Profile (SEP) diary questions 2 and 3, Erectile Dysfunction Inventory of Treatment Satisfaction (EDITS) questionnaire and a Global Efficacy Question 'Has the treatment you have been taking over the study period improved your erections?' This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, comprised a screening period of at least 1 month, a placebo-lead in period of 1 week and treatment period. Two hundred thirty-six patients entered the trial. These patients had mild-to-moderate PD (stages I-III Hoehn-Yahr) and were experiencing Parkinson-emergent neurogenic ED. They were randomized to receive 100 mg sildenafil on demand 1 h before sexual activity (group 1, n=118), or similar regimen of placebo (group 2, n=118). Patients were instructed to use at least 24 doses/attempts at home. At the end of the trial, differences between sildenafil and placebo groups were significant for the IIEF erectile function (EF) score (22.6 \u00b1 4.6 vs 14.8 \u00b1 4.2, P=0.01), for percent Global Efficacy Question 'Yes' responses (68.1 \u00b1 4.6 vs 12.2 \u00b1 3.2, P=0.001), for SEP2 'Yes' responses (68.1 \u00b1 4.2 vs 32.5 \u00b1 2.2, P=0.003), for SEP3 'Yes' responses (75.9 \u00b1 5.4 vs 33.5 \u00b1 4.4, P=0.004) and for mean EDITS score (69.8 \u00b1 4.2 vs 13.0 \u00b1 2.7, P=0.004). A normal EF domain score (>or=26) at end point was achieved by 56.9 and 8.7% of the patients in the sildenafil and placebo groups, respectively (P=0.001). Sildenafil can be considered as an effective treatment in patients with Parkinson-emergent ED.", "16159641": "Allergic asthma is an increasing clinical problem that might be addressed with immunologically based interventions. A novel human antibody that activates human and mouse dendritic cells (DCs) by cross-linking B7-DC has strong immunomodulatory properties and blocks antigen-induced inflammatory lung disease in mice.", "20176367": "Combining measurements of the monoamine metabolites in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and neuroimaging can increase efficiency of drug discovery for treatment of brain disorders. To address this question, we examined five drug-na\u00efve patients suffering from schizophrenic disorder. Patients were assessed clinically, using the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS): at baseline and then at weekly intervals. Plasma and CSF levels of quetiapine and norquetiapine as well CSF 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC), homovanillic acid (HVA), 5-hydroxyindole-acetic acid (5-HIAA) and 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycol (MHPG) were obtained at baseline and again after at least a 4 week medication trail with 600 mg/day quetiapine. CSF monoamine metabolites levels were compared with dopamine D(2) receptor occupancy (DA-D(2)) using [(18)F]fallypride and positron emission tomography (PET). Quetiapine produced preferential occupancy of parietal cortex vs. putamenal DA-D(2), 41.4% (p<0.05, corrected for multiple comparisons). DA-D(2) receptor occupancies in the occipital and parietal cortex were correlated with CSF quetiapine and norquetiapine levels (p<0.01 and p<0.05, respectively). CSF monoamine metabolites were significantly increased after treatment and correlated with regional receptor occupancies in the putamen [DOPAC: (p<0.01) and HVA: (p<0.05)], caudate nucleus [HVA: (p<0.01)], thalamus [MHPG: (p<0.05)] and in the temporal cortex [HVA: (p<0.05) and 5-HIAA: (p<0.05)]. This suggests that CSF monoamine metabolites levels reflect the effects of quetiapine treatment on neurotransmitters in vivo and indicates that monitoring plasma and CSF quetiapine and norquetiapine levels may be of clinical relevance.", "17683357": "Hydroxyethyl starches (HES) may have the potential to impact negatively on haemostasis. Recent findings suggest that side-effects on haemostasis stem not only from the physicochemical differences between HES, but also from the composition of the solvent. We compared the effects of a newly developed medium molecular weight (MW) and low molar substitution (MS) HES dissolved in a physiologically balanced electrolyte solution (MW 130, MS 0.42; B-HES) with a commercially available non-balanced HES (MW 130, MS 0.4; NB-HES), and with Ringer's lactate (RL) solution in vitro.", "20173750": "Tumor-initiating cells with stem cell properties are believed to sustain the growth of gliomas, but proposed markers such as CD133 cannot be used to identify these cells with sufficient specificity. We report an alternative isolation method purely based on phenotypic qualities of glioma-initiating cells (GICs), avoiding the use of molecular markers. We exploited intrinsic autofluorescence properties and a distinctive morphology to isolate a subpopulation of cells (FL1(+)) from human glioma or glioma cultures. FL1(+) cells are capable of self-renewal in vitro, tumorigenesis in vivo and preferentially express stem cell genes. The FL1(+) phenotype did not correlate with the expression of proposed GIC markers. Our data propose an alternative approach to investigate tumor-initiating potential in gliomas and to advance the development of new therapies and diagnostics.", "25252793": "Heavy metal pollution is an increasing environmental problem in Chinese regions undergoing rapid economic and industrial development, such as the Pearl River Delta (PRD), southern China. We determined heavy metal concentrations in surface soils from the PRD. The soils were polluted with heavy metals, as defined by the Chinese soil quality standard grade II criteria. The degree of pollution decreased in the order Cd\u2009>\u2009Cu\u2009>\u2009Ni\u2009>\u2009Zn\u2009>\u2009As\u2009>\u2009Cr\u2009>\u2009Hg\u2009>\u2009Pb. The degree of heavy metal pollution by land use decreased in the order waste treatment plants (WP)\u2009>\u2009urban land (UL)\u2009>\u2009manufacturing industries (MI)\u2009>\u2009agricultural land (AL)\u2009>\u2009woodland (WL)\u2009>\u2009water sources (WS). Pollution with some of the metals, including Cd, Cu, Ni, and Zn, was attributed to the recent rapid development of the electronics and electroplating industries. Cd, Hg, and Pb (especially Cd) pose high potential ecological risks in all of the zones studied. The soils posing significantly high and high potential ecological risks from Cd covered 73.3\u00a0% of UL, 50\u00a0% of MI and WP land, and 48.5\u00a0% of AL. The potential ecological risks from heavy metals by land use decreased in the order UL\u2009>\u2009MI\u2009>\u2009AL\u2009>\u2009WP\u2009>\u2009WL\u2009>\u2009WS. The control of Cd, Hg, and Pb should be prioritized in the PRD, and emissions in wastewater, residue, and gas discharges from the electronics and electroplating industry should be decreased urgently. The use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides should also be decreased. ", "21156795": "Doxorubicin is one of the most effective molecules used in the treatment of various tumors. Contradictory reports often open windows to understand the role of p53 tumor suppressor in doxorubicin-mediated cell death. In this report, we provide evidences that doxorubicin induced more cell death in p53-negative tumor cells. Several cells, having p53 basal expression, showed increase in p53 DNA binding upon doxorubicin treatment. Doxorubicin induced cell death in p53-positive cells through expression of p53-dependent genes and activation of caspases and caspase-mediated cleavage of cellular proteins. Surprisingly, in p53-negative cells, doxorubicin-mediated cell death was more aggressive (faster and intense). Doxorubicin increased the amount of Fas ligand (FasL) by enhancing activator protein (AP) 1 DNA binding in both p53-positive and p53-negative cells, but the basal expression of Fas was higher in p53-negative cells. Anti-FasL antibody considerably protected doxorubicin-mediated cell death in both types of cells. Activation of caspases was faster in p53-negative cells upon doxorubicin treatment. In contrast, the basal expression of Ras oncoprotein was higher in p53-positive cells, which might increase the basal expression of Fas in these cells. Overexpression of Ras decreased the amount of Fas in p53-negative cells, thereby decreasing doxorubicin-mediated aggressive cell death. Overall, this study will help to understand the much studied chemotherapeutic drug, doxorubicin-mediated cell signaling cascade, that leads to cell death in p53-positive and -negative cells. High basal expression of Fas might be an important determinant in doxorubicin-mediated cell death in p53-negative cells.", "27005886": "The development of ferroelectric random-access memory (FeRAM) technology with control of grain boundaries would result in a breakthrough for new nonvolatile memory devices. The excellent piezoelectric and electrical properties of bulk ferroelectrics are degraded when the ferroelectric is processed into thin films because the grain boundaries then form randomly. Controlling the nature of nucleation and growth are the keys to achieving a good crystalline thin-film. However, the sought after high-quality ferroelectric thin-film has so far been thought to be impossible to make, and research has been restricted to atomic-layer deposition which is extremely expensive and has poor reproducibility. Here we demonstrate a novel epitaxial-like growth technique to achieve extremely uniform and large rectangular-shaped grains in thin-film ferroelectrics by dividing the nucleation and growth phases. With this technique, it is possible to achieve 100-\u03bcm large uniform grains, even made available on Si, which is large enough to fabricate a field-effect transistor in each grain. The electrical and reliability test results, including endurance and retention test results, were superior to other FeRAMs reported so far and thus the results presented here constitute the first step toward the development of FeRAM using epitaxial-like ferroelectric thin-films. ", "24237003": "Food products containing probiotics and prebiotics are an important development in Health foods, which enhance health promoting microbial flora in the intestine. Probiotic refers to viable microorganism that promotes or support a beneficial balance of the autochthonous microbial population of the gastrointestinal tract. A number of genera of bacteria (and yeast) are used as probiotics, including Lactobacillus, Leuconostoc, Pediococcus, Bifidobacterium, Saccharomyces, and Enterococcus, but the main species believed to have probiotic characteristics are Lactobacillus acidophilus, Bifidobacterium spp., and L. casei. Probiotics can reduce diarrheal incidence, lactose intolerance, lower serum cholesterol, stimulate the immune system, control infections, act as antibiotics, suppress tumors, and protect against colon or bladder cancer by maintaining a healthy intestinal microflora balance. Lactic acid bacteria produce biopreservatives such as lactic acid, hydrogen peroxide, and bacteriocins that are used to retard both spoilage and the growth of pathogenic bacteria. Food, particularly dairy products are considered as an ideal vehicle for delivering probiotic bacteria to the human gastrointestinal tract. Cereals being rich source of prebiotics such as \u03b2-glucan and arabinoxylan, galacto-, and fructooligosaccharides are considered for development of probiotic foods. Good manufacturing practices must be applied in the manufacture of probiotic foods with quality assurance, and shelf-life conditions established. ", "11711437": "Representational difference analysis (RDA) cloning has identified transcriptional intermediary factor 1 beta (TIF1beta) as a gene inducibly expressed early during myeloid differentiation of the promyelocytic cell lines HL-60 and U937. To assess the role of TIF1beta, U937 cell lines were made that expressed antisense-hammerhead ribozymes targeted specifically against TIF1beta mRNA. These cells failed to differentiate into macrophages, as determined by several criteria: a nonadherent morphology, a failure to arrest cell cycle, lowered levels of macrophage-specific cell surface markers, resistance to Legionella pneumophila infection, a loss of the ability to phagocytose and chemotax, and decreased expression of chemokine mRNAs. One way TIF1beta acts in macrophage differentiation is to augment C/EBPbeta transcriptional activity. Furthermore, we show by EMSA supershifts and coimmunoprecipitation that C/EBPbeta and TIF1beta physically interact. Although TIF1beta is necessary for macrophage differentiation of U937 cells, it is not sufficient, based on the inability of ectopically expressed TIF1beta to induce or augment phorbol ester-induced macrophage differentiation. We conclude that TIF1beta plays an important role in the terminal differentiation program of macrophages, which involves the coactivation of C/EBPbeta and induction of C/EBPbeta-responsive myeloid genes.", "19643896": "A bacterial strain designated YC6842T, isolated from the rhizosphere of rice (Oryza sativa L.) managed under no-tillage practice in Jinju, Korea, was characterized using polyphasic taxonomic approach. Cells of the strain were Gram-negatively stained, aerobic, rod-shaped and motile by multiple polar flagella. It grew at a temperature of 20 to 40 degrees C (optimum at 28 degrees C). Growth occurred between pH 6.0 and 10.0, with an optimum of pH 7.0-8.0. Phylogenetic analysis based on 16S rRNA gene sequences revealed that the strain represented a separate clade within the family Xanthomonadaceae. It showed the highest 16S rRNA gene sequence similarity with Dyella yeojuensis R2A16-10T (93.6 %). The DNA G+C content was 62.6 mol%. Q-8 was the major quinone. Major polar lipids were diphosphatidylglycerol (DPG), phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylglycerol (PG). Phylogenetic analysis, biochemical and physiological characteristics strongly supported the genotypic and phenotypic differentiation of the strain YC6842T from the validly published genera of the family Xanthomonadaceae. Therefore, it is proposed that the strain YC6842T represents a novel species within a novel genus, with the name Gynumella flava gen. nov., sp. nov. The type strain is YC6842T (= KCTC 22443T = DSM 21636T).", "18387932": "Gene expression profiling may be useful for prognostic and therapeutic strategies in breast carcinoma.", "20599780": "Curcumin, a yellow pigment present in the spice turmeric (Curcuma longa), has been linked with multiple beneficial activities, but its optimum potential is limited by poor bioavailability, in part due to the lack of solubility in aqueous solvents. To overcome the solubility problem, we have recently developed a novel cyclodextrin complex of curcumin (CDC) and examined here this compound for anti-inflammatory and antiproliferative effects. Using the electrophoretic mobility shift assay, we found that CDC was more active than free curcumin in inhibiting TNF-induced activation of the inflammatory transcription factor NF-kappaB and in suppressing gene products regulated by NF-kappaB, including those involved in cell proliferation (cyclin D1), invasion (MMP-9), and angiogenesis (VEGF). CDC was also more active than free curcumin in inducing the death receptors DR4 and DR5. Annexin V staining, cleavage of caspase-3 and PARP, and DNA fragmentation showed that CDC was more potent than free curcumin in inducing apoptosis of leukemic cells. Antiproliferative assays also demonstrated that CDC was more active than free curcumin in suppressing proliferation of various cancer cell lines. The cyclodextrin vehicle had no effect in these assays. Compared with free curcumin, CDC had a greater cellular uptake and longer half-life in the cells. Overall we demonstrated that CDC had superior attributes compared with free curcumin for cellular uptake and for antiproliferative and anti-inflammatory activities.", "19387376": "We describe a 23-year-old woman with muscle dysmorphia symptomatology and extreme drive for muscularity. In addition to structured case study interviews, 3 questionnaires and a series of semistructured interview questions were administered for elaboration on key issues. The case studies allowed for triangulation of data garnered from the questionnaires. Responses revealed high scores for drive for muscularity, moderate scores for the Adonis complex, and high scores for symptoms of muscle dysmorphia. Muscle dysmorphia and drive for muscularity are more prevalent in men; however, unique cases such as this need to be further explored both empirically and theoretically. Cross-cultural references are needed to assess the overall impact of global social influences. Instruments measuring muscle dysmorphia need to be devised and validated for women as well as men. The strength and conditioning professional needs to be both aware and vigilant in helping people affected with psychosomatic disorders such as muscle dysmorphia or exercise addiction.", "11383794": "Inflammation plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of organ injury after cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB). Elderly patients appear to be especially prone to develop general inflammation. Use of pentoxifylline (PTX) before surgery may be a promising approach to minimize the negative effects of CPB in these patients.", "19657716": "Retinal angiogenesis in diabetes may lead to visual impairment and even irreversible blindness in people of working age group worldwide. The main pathological feature of proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) is hypoxia, and overproduction of growth factors like vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and erythropoietin (Epo). This results in pathological proliferation of retinal endothelial cells (RECs), leading to new vessel formation (angiogenesis). Inhibition of angiogenesis is a promising strategy for treatment of PDR and other retinal neovascular disorders. Pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF), a 50-kDa protein secreted by retinal pigment epithelium, inhibits the growth of new blood vessel induced in the eye in a variety of ways with a yet elusive mechanism. Here, we investigated the possible mechanism by which PEDF inhibits VEGF- and Epo-induced angiogenic effects in RECs is mediated through PI3K/Akt pathway. PEDF treatment induced the apoptosis in RECs by activating caspase-3 and DNA fragmentation. We found a dose-dependent increase in cell survival with VEGF or Epo, which was attenuated in the presence of PEDF. In addition, PEDF significantly (P < 0.05) inhibited migration and in vitro tube formation in RECs in the presence of VEGF as like PI3K/Akt inhibitor. Of interest, PEDF effectively abrogated VEGF-mediated phosphorylation of PI3K/Akt. Further studies using RECs transfected with constitutively active and dominant-negative forms of Akt suggest that PEDF could inhibit VEGF- and also Epo-induced angiogenesis by disruption of PI3K/Akt signaling.", "25908215": "We previously reported that microRNA-218 was frequently lost in cervical cancer and restoration of microRNA-218 increased cellular radio-sensitivity via inhibiting. Herein, we aim to investigate the effects of microRNA-218 on cellular response to mTOR inhibition. The expression of microRNA-218 and Rictor were measured by Taqman PCR and real time PCR in a panel of 15 cervical cancer tissues. MicroRNA-218 was stably overexpressed in four cervical cancer cell lines and a series of in vitro and in vivo experiments were performed to investigate cellular sensitivity to Rapamycin. In primary cultured cervical cancer cells, the expression of microRNA-218 was negatively correlated with the mRNA level of Rictor, which predicted cellular sensitivity to Rapamycin (p\u00a0=\u00a00.002, R(2) \u00a0=\u00a00.6810). In vitro, overexpression of microRNA-218 significantly reduced the level of Rictor and enhanced the growth-inhibition, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis induced by Rapamycin. In vivo, overexpression of microRNA-218 further enhanced the suppressive effects of Rapamycin on tumor growth. In conclusion, we demonstrated that microRNA-218 could re-sensitize cervical cancer to Rapamycin through targeting Rictor. Moreover, patients with loss of microRNA-218 presented notable resistance to Rapamycin, indicating that microRNA-218 might be a valid marker for patients-stratification in future clinical trials. ", "28734458": "N-Methyl-D-aspartate receptors (NMDARs) play pivotal roles in synaptic development, plasticity, neural survival, and cognition. Despite recent reports describing the genetic association between de novo mutations of NMDAR subunits and severe psychiatric diseases, little is known about their pathogenic mechanisms and potential therapeutic interventions. Here we report a case study of a 4-year-old Rett-like patient with severe encephalopathy carrying a missense de novo mutation in GRIN2B(p.P553T) coding for the GluN2B subunit of NMDAR.", "7517181": "To investigate the use of low dose aspirin in the reduction of perinatal morbidity and mortality in women with unexplained raised maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and abnormal uteroplacental Doppler waveform patterns.", "28193790": "For asthma, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and autism spectrum disorder (ASD), the objectives were to (1) describe the percent increases in prevalence and comorbidity and how these vary by poverty status, and (2) examine the extent to which poverty status is a predictor of higher than average comorbid conditions.", "22246399": "Millimeter wave (MW) is an electromagnetic wave with a wavelength between             1 and 10 mm and a frequency of 30-300 GHz that causes multiple biological effects             and has been used as a major component in physiotherapies for the clinical treatment             of various types of diseases including cancers. However, the precise molecular             mechanism of the anticancer activity of millimeter wave remains to be elucidated.             In the present study, we investigated the cellular effects of the MW in the U-2OS             human osteosarcoma cell line. Our results showed that MW induced cell morphological             changes and reduced cell viability in a dose- and time-dependent manner suggesting             that MW inhibited the growth of U-2OS cells as demonstrated. Hoechst 33258 staining             and Annexin V/propidium iodide double staining exhibited the typical nuclear features             of apoptosis and increased the proportion of apoptotic Annexin V-positive cells             in a dose-dependent manner, respectively. In addition, MW treatment caused loss             of plasma membrane asymmetry, release of cytochrome c, collapse of mitochondrial             membrane potential, activation of caspase-9 and -3, and increase of the ratio             of pro-apoptotic Bax to anti-apoptotic Bcl-2. Taken together, the results indicate             that the U-2OS cell growth inhibitory activity of MW was due to mitochondrial-mediated             apoptosis, which may partly explain the anticancer activity of millimeter wave             treatment.", "25629696": "Breast cancer is a major cause of cancer-related death among women. Tumor protein D52-like 2 (TPD52L2) is one member of the TPD52 family, which has been shown to function in mediating cell proliferation, apoptosis, and vehicle trafficking. TPD52 was originally identified in human breast carcinoma. In this study, the authors found that TPD52L2 is extensively expressed in multiple human breast cancer cell lines. To elucidate the functional role of TPD52L2 in breast cancer, the authors employed lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to knock down TPD52L2 in one breast cancer cell line, ZR-75-30, which showed high TPD52L2 expression. The shRNA-mediated TPD52L2 knockdown inhibited the proliferation and colony formation in ZR-75-30 cells, as determined by MTT and colony formation assays. Knockdown of TPD52L2 led to an accumulation of cells in the G0/G1 phase of the cell cycle. Furthermore, knockdown of TPD52L2 promoted GSK3\u03b2 phosphorylation in ZR-75-30 cells. This investigation indicates that TPD52L2 plays an essential role in the growth of breast cancer cells, which may contribute to provide gene therapy for breast cancer treatment. ", "21148673": "A novel Gram-negative, oval to rod shaped, motile bacterium, strain AMV1T, was isolated from a soil sample collected from a mud volcano, Baratang Island, Andamans, India. The fatty acids were dominated by unsaturated fatty acids (82.6 %), with a high presence of C18:1 \u03c97c (78.6 %). Strain AMV1T contained ubiquinone (Q9) and menaquinone (MK-4 and MK-8) as the respiratory quinones. The polar lipids consisted of four unknown aminolipids, two unknown glycoaminolipids and two unknown phospholipids. The 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis indicated that Amorphus coralli, Phyllobacterium myrsinacearum and Bauldia consociatum, three members of the order Rhizobiales (phylum Alphaproteobacteria) are the closest related species with pairwise sequence similarities of 94.0,94.0 and 94.5, % respectively and <94% with all the other members of the order Rhizobiales. Phylogenetic analyses indicated that strain AMV1T clustered with Amorphus coralli and branched separately from the members of the family Rhodobiaceae. Phenotypic and phylogenetic characteristics suggested that strain AMV1T is a representative of a novel genus and a new species, Lutibaculum baratangense gen. nov., sp. nov. The type strain is AMV1T (= KCTC 22669T = NBRC 105799T = CCUG 58046T).", "15635462": "In recent years, the number of recombinant proteins used for therapeutic applications has increased dramatically. Production of these proteins has a remarkable demand in the market. Escherichia coli offers a means for the rapid and economical production of recombinant proteins. These advantages, coupled with a wealth of biochemical and genetic knowledge, have enabled the production of such economically therapeutic proteins such as insulin and bovine growth hormone. These demands have driven the development of a variety of strategies for achieving high-level expression of protein, particularly involving several aspects such as expression vectors design, gene dosage, promoter strength (transcriptional regulation), mRNA stability, translation initiation and termination (translational regulation), host design considerations, codon usage, and fermentation factors available for manipulating the expression conditions, which are the major challenges is obtaining the high yield of protein at low cost.", "10875912": "High-quality crystals of the organic molecular semiconductors tetracene and pentacene were used to prepare metal-insulator-semiconductor (MIS) structures exhibiting hole and electron mobilities exceeding 10(4) square centimeters per volt per second. The carrier concentration in the channel region of these ambipolar field-effect devices was controlled by the applied gate voltage. Well-defined Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations and quantized Hall plateaus were observed for two-dimensional carrier densities in the range of 10(11) per square centimeter. Fractional quantum Hall states were observed in tetracene crystals at temperatures as high as approximately 2 kelvin.", "18060319": "The proposed role of Niemann-Pick type C1 protein (NPC1) in the delivery of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol to the sterol regulatory element binding protein (SREBP):SREBP cleavage activation protein (SCAP) complex in the endoplasmic reticulum has been largely based on indirect studies and remains contentious. The major aim of the present study was to assess whether NPC1 is involved in the delivery of LDL cholesterol to the SREBP:SCAP complex. A cell line stably expressing green fluorescence protein-SCAP was cultured in the presence of U18666A, which can induce a Niemann-Pick type C disease phenotype, in order to locate the SREBP:SCAP complex by fluorescence microscopy. Our major finding was that defective NPC1 caused a delay in the ability of LDL cholesterol to suppress SREBP processing. This was shown in a time-course experiment by the effect of LDL on green fluorescence protein-SCAP movement when cells were treated with pharmacological agents to induce a Niemann-Pick type C disease phenotype. We demonstrated directly by fluorescence microscopy that defective NPC1 causes a delay in LDL cholesterol delivery to the endoplasmic reticulum where SCAP senses cholesterol.", "21525538": "The most frequent symptoms of fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) are pains in the softpart and muscle. The Optimal treatment for management of FMS has not been reported yet. Current pharmacological therapies are often ineffective. The aim of the research is to present the results of treatment for FMS with vibration massage by deep oscillations. 70 patients with FMS were treated with deep oscillation. The efficiency of treatment were evaluated according to the assessment criteria (Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, Visual Analogous Scale, the Pain Sensation Scale, as well as the Multidimensional Sensitive Questionnaire and the Mainz - Stadium Model Pain Chronification). This study demonstrated improvement of symptoms, quality of life, and reduction in pain during two months after treatment. Vibration massage by deep oscillations shows effectiveness for fibromyalgia.", "8639531": "MRP is a recently identified ATP-binding cassette transporter. We previously established that MRP confers resistance to a spectrum of natural product cytotoxic drugs [Kruh, G.D., (1994) Cancer Res. 54, 1649-1652], that expression of MRP is associated with enhanced drug efflux [Breuninger, L.M., (1995) Cancer Res. 55, 5342-5347], and that MRP transcript is widely expressed in human tissues and solid tumor cell lines [Kruh, G.D., (1995) J. Natl. Cancer Inst. 87, 1256-1258]. In the present study the relationship between MRP and drug glutathione S-conjugates was examined. We observed that MRP was labeled by azidophenacylglutathione (APA-SG), a photoaffinity analog of glutathione, and that inside-out membrane vesicles prepared from MRP-overexpressing HL60/ADR cells transported this compound. Transport into membrane vesicles was ATP-dependent, sensitive to osmolarity, and saturable with regard to APA-SG and ATP concentrations, with Km values of 15 and 61 microM, respectively. APA-SG transport was competitively inhibited by the natural product cytotoxic drugs daunorubicin, vincristine, and etoposide, with Ki values of 4.8, 3.8, and 5.5 microM, respectively. Oxidized glutathione, the drug-glutathione S-conjugate DNP-SG, the LTD4 antagonist MK571 and arsenate were also competitive inhibitors, with Ki values of 9.0, 23.4, 1.1, and 15.0 microM, respectively. Analysis of the fate of monochlorobimane in MRP transfectants revealed reduced intracellular concentrations of drug-glutathione S-conjugates associated with enhanced efflux and altered intracellular distribution. These results indicate that MRP can transport glutathione conjugates in vitro and in living cells and suggest the possibility that the transporter may represent a link between cellular resistance to some classes of cytotoxic drugs and glutathione-mediated mechanisms of resistance. In addition, the observation that both mildly cationic or neutral natural product cytotoxic drugs and anionic compounds such as DNP-SG, MK571, and arsenate are competitive inhibitors of MRP action suggests that the substrate specificity of the transporter is quite broad.", "22033453": "We developed a prediction model to distinguish between malignant and nonmalignant lymphadenopathies. We first analyzed clinical features of 222 patients with lymphadenopathy (161 malignant and 61 nonmalignant) in the derivation group. Through logistic regression analysis we identified 6 covariates that independently predict malignancy: age (X1), abdominal lymphadenopathy (X2), lymphadenopathy of the other sites (X3), number of enlarged lymph node regions (X4), absence of fever (X5), and largest lymph node size (X6). We determined the formula as follows: predictive score=-2.3+x1+2.8x2+1.3x3+1.6x4-2.2x5+1.8x6.A higher score correlated with increased likelihood of malignancy. With the cutoff value of 0.4, the sensitivity and specificity of the model were 91.9% and 77.0%, respectively. The validation study using 117 cases (82 malignant and 35 nonmalignant) yielded 90.2% sensitivity and 68.6% specificity. A maximum lymph node size of less than 2.0 cm on systemic computed tomography (CT) scanning indicated a low probability of malignant lymphadenopathy. In this model, 4 of the 6 covariates were obtained by CT scanning, which strongly indicates the usefulness of initial evaluation with systemic CT scanning in the detection of malignant lymphadenopathy.", "24122418": "Visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue depots have distinct features and contribute differentially to metabolic disease. Therefore, the adipogenic potential of different fat depots was investigated and found to be higher in subcutaneous compared with visceral stromal-vascular fraction (SVF), which contains adipocyte precursor cells. This increased differentiation capacity was not due to elevated numbers of Lin-Sca1+CD29+CD34+Pref1+ precursor cells, as the number of preadipocytes was higher in visceral than in subcutaneous SVF. The secreted heat-sensitive factors from the SVF inhibited adipocyte differentiation more in visceral than in subcutaneous SVF. In order to explore secreted proteins that potentially inhibit differentiation, the secretome of murine SVF was analyzed by mass spectrometry, which resulted in the identification of 113 secreted proteins with an overlap of 42 % between subcutaneous and visceral SVF. Comparison of the mRNA expression in SVF from both depots revealed 16 transcripts that were significantly expressed more in visceral than in subcutaneous SVF. A functional differentiation screen identified seven potential inhibitory candidates: biglycan, decorin, bone morphogenic protein 1, epidermal growth factor-containing fibulin-like extracellular matrix protein 2, elastin microfibril interfacer 1, matrix gla protein, and Sparc-like 1. For further verification, murine recombinant decorin or Sparc-like 1 was added to the media during the differentiation process leading to a dose-dependent decrease in adipogenesis. Further analysis will be necessary to assess the impact of the other candidates on adipocyte differentiation.", "17520820": "Natural products have played an important role in drug discovery. Today, therapeutics from natural origin count for about 70% of the worldwide human therapeutic sales. For anti-infective treatment even higher figures are reported. This review describes antibacterial and antifungal natural products, semi-synthetic natural products and natural product derived compounds undergoing clinical evaluation or registration from 1998 to end of 2005. In addition, natural product derived drugs launched since 1998 are also discussed in this review.", "12424250": "ATP-gated ion channel P2X receptors are expressed on the surface of most immune cells and can trigger multiple cellular responses, such as membrane permeabilization, cytokine production, and cell proliferation or apoptosis. Despite broad distribution and pleiotropic activities, signaling pathways downstream of these ionotropic receptors are still poorly understood. Here, we describe intracellular signaling events in Jurkat cells treated with millimolar concentrations of extracellular ATP. Within minutes, ATP treatment resulted in the phosphorylation and activation of p56(lck) kinase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), and c-Jun N-terminal kinase but not p38 kinase. These effects were wholly dependent upon the presence of extracellular Ca(2+) ions in the culture medium. Nevertheless, calmodulin antagonist calmidazolium and CaM kinase inhibitor KN-93 both had no effect on the activation of p56(lck) and ERK, whereas a pretreatment of Jurkat cells with MAP kinase kinase inhibitor P098059 was able to abrogate phosphorylation of ERK. Further, expression of c-Jun and c-Fos proteins and activator protein (AP-1) DNA binding activity were enhanced in a time-dependent manner. In contrast, DNA binding activity of NF-kappa B was reduced. ATP failed to stimulate the phosphorylation of ERK and c-Jun N-terminal kinase and activation of AP-1 in the p56(lck)-deficient isogenic T cell line JCaM1, suggesting a critical role for p56(lck) kinase in downstream signaling. Regarding the biological significance of the ATP-induced signaling events we show that although extracellular ATP was able to stimulate proliferation of both Jurkat and JCaM1 cells, an increase in interleukin-2 transcription was observed only in Jurkat cells. The nucleotide selectivity and pharmacological profile data supported the evidence that the ATP-induced effects in Jurkat cells were mediated through the P2X7 receptor. Taken together, these results demonstrate the ability of extracellular ATP to activate multiple downstream signaling events in a human T-lymphoblastoid cell line.", "17339455": "Dendritic cells (DC) are important regulators of T cell immunity. The degree of stimulation, the pattern of costimulatory molecules expressed, and the cytokines secreted by DC dictate the nature of the effector and memory cells generated, particularly with respect to their Th1 or Th2 phenotypes. In this study, we demonstrate that the addition of activated DC to spleen cultures containing established Th2-polarized CD4(+) T cells was sufficient to suppress Th2 and induce Th1 cytokines in a recall response, a phenomenon referred to as phenotype reversal. The ability of activated DC to induce phenotype reversal displayed exquisite Ag specificity. The DC activator B7-DC cross-linking Ab (XAb) was >10,000-fold more efficient at inducing phenotype reversal than the TLR agonists CpG-oligodeoxynucleotide and Gardiquimod. Characterization of the mechanisms governing phenotype reversal revealed the requirement for cognate interaction between the TCR:peptide-MHC complex, the expression of the costimulation/adhesion molecule ICAM-1, and secretion of IL-12 and IFN-gamma by the activated DC. The requirement for the costimulation/adhesion molecule SLAM (signaling lymphocytic activation molecule) was found to be quantitative. Thus, activation of DC, particularly by crosslinking B7-DC, can modulate well-established Th2 T cell responses in an Ag-specific manner. Because the regulation of mouse and human DC by B7-DC XAb overlaps in several significant ways, immune modulation with B7-DC XAb is a potential strategy for treating Th2-mediated diseases.", "15848514": "In renal transplantation, donor age and allograft size are known to have an important influence on the outcome of the graft reflecting functional renal mass. Women tend to have smaller kidneys with 17% fewer nephrons than male kidneys. The number of glomeruli per kidney as well as the mean glomerular volume closely correlate with kidney weight and negatively correlate with subject age. We evaluated the impact of gender and age matching in living-donor renal transplantation on long-term graft survival.", "17290307": "High-mobility group A1 (HMGA1) overexpression and gene rearrangement are frequent events in human cancer, but the molecular basis of HMGA1 oncogenic activity remains unclear. Here we describe a mechanism through which HMGA1 inhibits p53-mediated apoptosis by counteracting the p53 proapoptotic activator homeodomain-interacting protein kinase 2 (HIPK2). We found that HMGA1 overexpression promoted HIPK2 relocalization in the cytoplasm and inhibition of p53 apoptotic function, while HIPK2 overexpression reestablished HIPK2 nuclear localization and sensitivity to apoptosis. HIPK2 depletion by RNA interference suppressed the antiapoptotic effect of HMGA1, which indicates that HIPK2 is the target required for HMGA1 to repress the apoptotic activity of p53. Consistent with this process, a strong correlation among HMGA1 overexpression, HIPK2 cytoplasmic localization, and low spontaneous apoptosis index (comparable to that observed in mutant p53-carrying tumors) was observed in WT p53-expressing human breast carcinomas. Hence, cytoplasmic relocalization of HIPK2 induced by HMGA1 overexpression is a mechanism of inactivation of p53 apoptotic function that we believe to be novel.", "8197188": "Human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) has a complex life cycle, which has made it a difficult target for conventional therapeutic modalities. A single-chain antibody moiety, directed against the HIV-1 regulatory protein Rev, which rescues unspliced viral RNA from the nucleus of infected cells, has now been developed. This anti-Rev single-chain construct (SFv) consists of both light and heavy chain variable regions of anti-Rev monoclonal antibody, which, when expressed intracellularly within human cells, potently inhibits HIV-1 replication. This intracellular SFv molecule is demonstrated to specifically antagonize Rev function. Thus, intracellular SFv expression, against a retroviral regulatory protein, may be useful as a gene therapeutic approach to combat HIV-1 infections.", "24443062": "Allergy is defined as a hypersensitivity reaction due to specific antibody-mediated or cell-mediated immunologic mechanisms. Epidemiological studies are showing a dramatic increase of allergies in industrialized countries in the last few decades, while remaining stable in developing countries. In 1989 Strachan, hypothesized that the increase in allergic disorders was the result of a lack of infections in early infancy, and in 1998 Wold suggested that, rather than a decrease in viral or bacterial infections, an altered normal intestinal colonization pattern in infancy, could be responsible for the increase in allergies. Germ-free mice were shown to mount an exaggerated allergic airway reaction compared with that seen in colonized mice, indicating the important role of microbe-host interactions in the development of allergic diseases. Infants with food allergies are found to exhibit an imbalance between \"beneficial\"and potentially harmful bacteria, i.e., decreased Lactobacilli, Bifidobacteria and Enterococcus species and increased coliforms, Staphylococcus aureus and Clostridium species, suggesting that microbial inhabitants of the human body, may play either a pathogenic or protective role in allergies. Based on this data, many clinical trial addressing the use of probiotics in the context of allergic disorders, have been conducted in children. However, currently, no conclusive item may be drawn. ", "18846795": "To assess the effects of booklet and combining methods (lecture, video, etc.) on parents' awareness of children with beta-thalassemia major disorder.", "18592845": "An outbreak of chikungunya fever occurred in Malegaon town of Nasik district of Maharashtra state, India during February and March 2006. A total of 4530 fever cases were reported during this period including 1781 cases which were admitted in different hospitals of the town. An entomological and epidemiological investigation was carried out in the affected villages during the outbreak to study the possible causes of the outbreak and to isolate the virus responsible.", "28611662": "Candida species.", "16413539": "UV-induced matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) cause connective tissue damage and the skin to become wrinkled and aged. Here, we investigated the effect of 2',4',7-trihydroxyisoflavone (THF) on UV-induced MMP-1 expression in human skin fibroblasts (HSFs). We found that UV irradiation increases MMP-1 expression and that this is mediated by ERK and JNK activation, but not by p38 activation. Pretreatment of HSFs with 2',4',7-THF inhibited UV-induced MMP-1 expression in a dose-dependent manner, and also inhibited the UV-induced activations of ERK and JNK by inhibiting MEK1 and SEK1 activation, respectively. Moreover, inhibitions of ERK and JNK by 2',4',7-THF resulted in the decrease of c-Fos expression and c-Jun phosphorylation/expression induced by UV, respectively, which led to the inhibition of UV-induced AP-1 DNA binding activity. This inhibitory effect of 2',4',7-THF on MMP-1 was not mediated by an antioxidant effect. In conclusion, our results demonstrate that 2',4',7-THF can inhibit UV-induced MMP-1 expression by inhibiting the MEK1/ERK/c-Fos and SEK1/JNK/c-Jun pathways. Therefore, 2',4',7-THF is a potential agent for the prevention and treatment of skin aging.", "19895380": "The objective of this review was to update the relationship between physical activity (PA) and health-related quality of life (HRQL). A systematical search was performed in MEDLINE and PsychINFO between 2000 and 2007, for HRQL- and PA-related keywords in titles, abstracts, or indexing fields. From over 600 retrieved references, 35 citations were judged to require further evaluation. Finally, 10 studies were retained for data extraction and analysis; five were cross-sectional studies, four were cohort and randomized-controlled trails (RCT) studies, and one used a combined cross-sectional and longitudinal design. Cross-sectional studies showed a consistently positive association between self-reported PA and HRQL. The largest cross-sectional study reported an adjusted odds ratio of \"having 14 or more unhealthy days\" during the previous month to be 0.40 (95% confidence interval 0.36-0.45) for those meeting recommended levels of PA compared with inactive subjects. Cohort studies and RCT tended to show a positive effect of PA on HRQL, but similar to the cross-sectional studies, had methodological limitations. Cross-sectional data showed a consistently positive association between PA level and HRQL. Limited evidence from RCT and cohort studies precludes a definitive statement about the nature of this association.", "21763177": "The HIV/SIV accessory protein Nef is known to down-modulate cell surface receptors that are required for virus entry such as CD4, CCR5 and CXCR4 to block lethal viral superinfection of the infected cell. The chemokine receptor CXCR4 also plays an important role in promoting cell proliferation, metastasis and tumor angiogenesis. Therefore it was of interest to evaluate if Nef can down-regulate CXCR4 in tumor cells since this could affect these critical prognostic parameters. The CXCR4-expressing cell line ACC3 that was derived from a salivary gland adenoid cystic carcinoma (ACC) of the head and neck was transfected with Nef from SIV(mac239) and cell surface expression of the receptor was monitored by FACS analysis. Real time proliferation of cells was measured with the xCELLigence system (Roche, Mannheim, Germany). Cell migration was detected by an in vitro scratch assay. Similarly, COS-7 cells were co-transfected with CXCR4 and Nef and were treated as described for ACC3. In vitro tube formation was deployed to assess the effect of Nef on angiogenesis. siRNA was used for CXCR4 knockdown. Cell surface down-modulation of endogenous CXCR4 could be observed in ACC3 cells after Nef-transfection as well as in COS-7 cells after co-transfection of CXCR4 and Nef. Proliferation as well as migration of Nef-transfected ACC3 tumor cells appeared significantly reduced. In vitro tube formation was significantly lowered after Nef-transfection or CXCR4 knockdown with siRNA. SIV-Nef could serve as an interesting tool to study the biologic behavior of CXCR4-expressing tumors such as ACC. Deploying SIV-Nef thereby could help in the discovery of new therapeutic approaches for the treatment of ACC and other CXCR4-expressing tumors.", "19174511": "Saccharomyces cerevisiae can be infected with four amyloid-based prions: [URE3], [PSI(+)], [PIN(+)], and [SWI(+)], due to self-propagating aggregation of Ure2p, Sup35p, Rnq1p and Swi1p, respectively. We searched for new prions of yeast by fusing random segments of yeast DNA to SUP35MC, encoding the Sup35 protein lacking its own prion domain, selecting clones in which Sup35MC function was impaired. Three different clones contained parts of the Q/N-rich amino-terminal domain of Mca1p/Yca1p with the Sup35 part of the fusion protein partially inactive. This inactivity was dominant, segregated 4:0 in meiosis, and was efficiently transferred by cytoplasmic mixing. The inactivity was cured by overexpression of Hsp104, but the prion could arise again in the cured strain (reversible curing). Overproduction of the Mca1 N-terminal domain induced the de novo appearance of the prion form of the fusion. The prion state, which we name [MCA], was transmitted to the chromosomally encoded Mca1p based on genetic, cytological and biochemical tests.", "20002225": "To report a novel cell therapy using autologous adipose tissue-derived stem cells (ADSC) for stress urinary incontinence caused by urethral sphincteric deficiency and the outcomes in two initial cases undergoing periurethral injection of stem cells for the treatment of urinary incontinence after radical prostatectomy.", "16790652": "The value of human albumin (HA) for treating hypovolemia is controversial. Less expensive alternatives such as hydroxyethyl starch (HES) are sometimes refused because of unwanted side effects. We prospectively randomized 50 patients older than 70 years old undergoing major abdominal surgery to receive either 5% HA (n = 25) or a third generation HES preparation (6% HES 130/0.4; n = 25) when mean arterial blood pressure was <60 mm Hg and central venous pressure was <10 mm Hg. Hemodynamics, inflammation (interleukin-6), endothelial activation-integrity (adhesion molecules), coagulation (thrombelastography), and renal function (including kidney-specific proteins) were monitored after the induction of anesthesia, after surgery, 5 h in the intensive care unit, and on the first postoperative day. HA patients received 3960 +/- 590 mL of HA and 5070 +/- 1030 mL of Ringer's lactate solution, and HES patients received 3500 +/- 530 mL of HES and 4550 +/- 880 mL of Ringer's lactate solution. Total protein remained normal only in the HA-treated patients. No significant differences (P > 0.1) between the groups were seen with regard to hemodynamics, coagulation, and kidney function. Plasma levels of interleukin-6 and soluble adhesion molecules were significantly (P < 0.05) higher in the HA- than in the HES-treated patients. We conclude that HA in elderly patients undergoing major abdominal surgery can easily be replaced by a modern HES preparation. Because of the decreased inflammatory response and endothelial activation-injury, HES 130/0.4 seems to be the more appropriate fluid strategy for these patients.", "20067456": "To determine the safety and efficacy of adjunctive bupropion sustained-release (SR) on male sexual dysfunction (SD) induced by a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), as SD is a common side-effect of SSRIs and the most effective treatments have yet to be determined.", "25104350": "Understanding the regulation of cardiac fibrosis is critical for controlling adverse cardiac remodeling during heart failure. Previously we identified miR-378 as a cardiomyocyte-abundant miRNA down-regulated in several experimental models of cardiac hypertrophy and in patients with heart failure. To understand the consequence of miR-378 down-regulation during cardiac remodeling, our current study employed a locked nucleic acid-modified antimiR to target miR-378 in vivo. Results showed development of cardiomyocyte hypertrophy and fibrosis in mouse hearts. Mechanistically, miR-378 depletion was found to induce TGF\u03b21 expression in mouse hearts and in cultured cardiomyocytes. Among various secreted cytokines in the conditioned-media of miR-378-depleted cardiomyocytes, only TGF\u03b21 levels were found to be increased. The increase was prevented by miR-378 expression. Treatment of cardiac fibroblasts with the conditioned media of miR-378-depleted myocytes activated pSMAD2/3 and induced fibrotic gene expression. This effect was counteracted by including a TGF\u03b21-neutralizing antibody in the conditioned-medium. In cardiomyocytes, adenoviruses expressing dominant negative N-Ras or c-Jun prevented antimiR-mediated induction of TGF\u03b21 mRNA, documenting the importance of Ras and AP-1 signaling in this response. Our study demonstrates that reduction of miR-378 during pathological conditions contributes to cardiac remodeling by promoting paracrine release of profibrotic cytokine, TGF\u03b21 from cardiomyocytes. Our data imply that the presence in cardiomyocyte of miR-378 plays a critical role in the protection of neighboring fibroblasts from activation by pro-fibrotic stimuli. ", "12620953": "To evaluate the influence of dopamine and diltiazem on renal function and markers for acute renal failure, including urinary alpha-glutathion s-transferase (alpha-GST), alpha-1-microglobulin (alpha(1)-MG) and N-acetyl-ss-glucosaminidase (ss-NAG) after extracorporeal circulation.", "16094364": "The mechanism of high-transition-temperature (high-T(c)) superconductivity in doped copper oxides is an enduring problem. Antiferromagnetism is established as the competing order, but the relationship between the two states in the intervening 'pseudogap' regime has become a central puzzle. The role of the crystal lattice, which is important in conventional superconductors, also remains unclear. Here we report an anomalous increase of the distance between copper oxide planes on cooling, which results in negative thermal volume expansion, for layered ruthenium copper oxides that have been doped to the boundary of antiferromagnetism and superconductivity. We propose that a crossover between these states is driven by spin ordering in the ruthenium oxide layers, revealing a novel mechanism for negative lattice expansion in solids. The differences in volume and lattice strain between the distinct superconducting and antiferromagnetic states can account for the phase segregation phenomena found extensively in low-doped copper oxides, and show that Cooper pair formation is coupled to the lattice. Unusually large variations of resistivity with magnetic field are found in these ruthenium copper oxides at low temperatures through coupling between the ordered Ru and Cu spins.", "19288944": "To assess knowledge among medical students of Ziauddin University regarding Diabetes Mellitus.", "18273444": "Citrin is a mitochondrial aspartate-glutamate carrier primarily expressed in liver. Adult-onset type II citrullinemia is caused by mutations in the SLC25A13 gene that encodes for citrin, and patients with this condition do not express citrin. We found apoptotic hepatocytes in one such patient. This finding prompted us to investigate the role of citrin in hepatocyte survival. Knockdown of citrin by a vector-based short-hairpin RNA technique reduced cell viability and induced apoptosis of a hepatocellular carcinoma cell line, Hep3B cells. Caspase-3/7 and caspase-9 were activated, and PARP was cleaved. Citrin knockdown also increased the expression of Bax and Bak, and reduced expression of Bcl-xL and Bcl-2. These alterations resulted in the release of cytochrome c from the mitochondria. Our results indicated that citrin downregulation induces apoptosis of hepatocytes through the mitochondrial death pathway, highlighting the importance of citrin in survival of hepatocytes and maintenance of liver function.", "19649704": "Doxorubicin is one of the most effective molecules used in the treatment of various tumors. Contradictory reports often open windows to understand the doxorubicin-mediated signaling to exert its apoptosis effect. In this report, we provide evidences that doxorubicin induced biphasic induction of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) of immediate activation followed by decrease in the amount of RelA (p65) subunit possibly by inducing the activity of proteasome, but not proteases. Further induction of NF-kappaB was observed through interleukin 8 (IL-8), expressed by doxorubicin treatment. Increased amount of IL-8 induced apoptosis via increase in the releases of intracellular Ca(2+), activation of calcineurin, nuclear translocation of nuclear factor activated T cell (NF-AT), and NF-AT-dependent FasL expression. Anti-IL-8 or -FasL antibody, dominant negative TRAF6 (TRAF6-DN), or TRAF6 binding peptide (TRAF6-BP) inhibited doxorubicin-mediated late phase induction of NF-kappaB and diminished cell death. Thus, our study clearly demonstrated that doxorubicin-mediated cell death is obtained through expression of IL-8. IL-8-mediated calcification is required for enhancement of doxorubicin-mediated cell death. Overall, this study will help to understand the much studied chemotherapeutic drug, doxorubicin-mediated cell signaling cascade to exert its effect during chemotherapy.", "26539188": "Microorganisms have provided a bounty of bioactive secondary metabolites with very exciting biological activities such as antibacterial, antifungal antiviral, and anticancer, etc. The present study aims at the optimization of culture conditions for improved antimicrobial production of Paenibacillus elgii obtained from Wayanad forest of Western Ghats region of Kerala, India. A bacterial strain isolated from the Western Ghats forest soil of Wayanad, Kerala, India was identified as P. elgii by 16S rRNA gene sequencing. P. elgii recorded significant board spectrum activity against all human and plant pathogenic microorganism tested except Candida albicans. It has been well known that even minor variations in the fermentation medium may impact not only the quantity of desired bioactive metabolites but also the general metabolic profile of the producing microorganisms. Thus, further studies were carried out to assess the impact of medium components on the antimicrobial production of P. elgii and to optimize an ideal fermentation medium to maximize its antimicrobial production. Out of three media [nutrient broth (NA), Luria broth (LB) and Trypticase soy broth (TSB)] used for fermentation, TSB medium recorded significant activity. Glucose and meat peptone were identified as the best carbon and nitrogen sources, which significantly affected the antibiotic production when supplemented with TSB medium. Next the effect of various fermentation conditions such as temperature, pH, and incubation time on the production of antimicrobial compounds was studied on TSB + glucose + meat peptone and an initial pH of 7 and a temperature of 30\u00b0C for 3 days were found to be optimum for maximum antimicrobial production. The results indicate that medium composition in the fermentation media along with cultural parameters plays a vital role in the enhanced production of antimicrobial substances. ", "10597557": "A history of motion sickness is one of the patient-related factors associated with postoperative emesis. This prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was undertaken to assess the efficacy of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for preventing postoperative vomiting after tonsillectomy in 120 children with (n = 60) and without (n = 60) a history of motion sickness. Patients received a single dose of granisetron (40 micrograms.kg-1) or placebo (saline) (n = 30 of each) intravenously after an inhalation induction of anaesthesia. A complete response, defined as no vomiting, no retching and no need for another rescue medication, during the first 24 h after anaesthesia was 77% and 13% in patients with a history of motion sickness who had received granisetron or placebo, respectively; the corresponding incidence was 83% and 40% in those without it (P < 0.05; chi 2 test with Yates' continuity correction). No clinically serious adverse effects due to the study drug were observed in any of the groups. In conclusion, prophylactic antiemetic therapy with granisetron is effective for preventing postoperative emesis in children with a history of motion sickness as well as in those without it.", "23385271": "Approximately one-third of patients with peripheral artery disease experience intermittent claudication, with consequent loss of quality of life.", "15750337": "Human embryonic stem (hES) cells have unique features including unlimited growth capacity, expression of specific markers, normal karyotypes and an ability to differentiate. Many investigators have tried to use hES cells for cell-based therapy, but there is little information about the properties of available hES cell lines. We compared the characteristics of three hES cell lines. The expression of SSEA-1, -3, -4, and APase, was examined by immunocytochemistry, and Oct-4 expression was analyzed by RT-PCR. Differentiation of the hES cells in vitro and in vivo led to the formation of embryoid bodies (EBs) or teratomas. We examined the expression of tissue-specific markers in the differentiated cells by semiquantitative RT-PCR, and the ability of each hES cell line to proliferate was measured by flow cytometry of DNA content and ELISA. The three hES cell lines were similar in morphology, marker expression, and teratoma formation. However there were significant differences (P < 0.05) between the differentiated cells formed by the different cell lines in levels of expression of tissue-specific markers such as renin, kallikrein, Glut-2, beta- and delta-globin, albumin, and alpha1-antitrypsin (alpha1-AT). The hES cell lines also differed in proliferative activity. Our observations should be useful in basic and clinical hES cell research.", "26825922": "The purpose of our study was to retrospectively evaluate the value of F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (FDG-PET/CT) for postoperative surveillance of lung adenocarcinoma manifesting as ground-glass opacity (GGO).From May 2003 to December 2007, 111 patients with surgically resected lung adenocarcinoma manifesting as GGO were included. Clinical findings of recurrence and survival, CT features, and maximum standardized uptake value (SUVmax) were reviewed and compared among 3 groups according to GGO proportion: Group I, GGO 100%; Group II, GGO \u226550%; Group III, GGO\u200a<\u200a50%. Disease-free survival (DFS) was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method. Diagnostic performances of CT and PET/CT for recurrence were compared during a long-term follow-up period of >5 years.Recurrence was identified in Group III (18 of 53, 34%) but not in Groups I (n\u200a=\u200a25) or II (n\u200a=\u200a33) over a mean follow-up period of 74 months. Group showed significant differences in GGO proportion, SUVmax, and DFS duration (P\u200a<\u200a0.001). PET/CT led to 6 false-positive and 5 false-negative interpretations of recurrence. For surveillance CT, sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were 94.4%, 98.6%, 98.2%, 94.4%, and 98.9%, respectively; for PET/CT, sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were 72.2%, 92.3%, 88.5%, 68.4%, and 93.5%, respectively. CT showed significantly higher accuracy than PET/CT (P\u200a=\u200a0.0188).FDG-PET/CT showed no clear advantage for postoperative surveillance of lung cancer with predominant GGO because of low incidence of recurrence and frequent false-positive and false-negative results. ", "15824067": "Dendritic cell (DC) vaccination, i.e. the adoptive transfer of antigen-loaded DC, is still at an early stage and requires standardization. In this study, we investigated the exogenous loading of monocyte-derived DCs with HLA class I- and II-restricted peptides, as despite widespread use, little effort has been put into its pre-clinical validation. We found that only mature DCs (m-DC) but not immature DCs (im-DC) could be sufficiently loaded with exogenous class I-restricted peptides and were by far superior in expanding CD8(+) primary (Melan-A.A2 peptide-specific) and recall [Influenza matrix peptide (IMP) A2-specific] T cell responses. Primary stimulation with peptide-loaded im-DCs even down-regulated antigen-specific T cell responses. Our results indicate that stimulation with m-DCs is superior in terms of quantity and quality compared with im-DCs, supporting their preferred use in clinical DC trials. Loading of m-DCs with high (10 microM) concentrations generated clearly more Melan-A effectors than loading with 1 or 0.1 microM without any negative effect on the quality (affinity) of the resulting T cells. In contrast to the findings with the Melan-A peptide loading with 10 microM IMP was counter-productive, induced apoptosis and yielded fewer specific T cells of inferior affinity as compared with loading with 1 or 0.1 microM. In sharp contrast to the situation for HLA class I, much higher levels and longer half-lives of peptide-HLA class II complexes were obtainable upon loading of im-DCs with exogenous peptide, but m-DCs were functionally preferable to induce T(h)1 responses in vitro. Another surprising finding was that, while presentation to T cells upon simultaneous loading of several peptides with highly varying affinities and competing for the same class I or II molecule was possible, in priming experiments peptide competition clearly inhibited T cell induction. Although peptides will obviously vary in their individual properties, our study clearly points to some important principles that should be taken into account.", "26408135": "This study evaluated distillers grain (DG) by-products produced in different ethanol plants and supplemented in animal diets in Texas, based on samples analyzed from 2008 to 2014. The samples were assessed for concentration, occurrence, and prevalence of selected nutrients and contaminants. Protein and sulfur contents of DG were largely different between corn and sorghum by-products as well as wet distillers grain with solubles and dry distillers grain with solubles (DDGS), indicating a significant effect of grain feedstock and dry-grind process stream on DG composition and quality. Salmonella was isolated in 4 DDGS samples out of a total of 157 DG samples, a percentage (2.5%) that is much lower than the percentage of Salmonella-positive samples found in other feed samples analyzed during the same period. A small amount of virginiamycin residue was found in 24 corn DDGS, 1 corn wet distillers grain with solubles, and 2 sorghum DDGS samples out of 242 samples in total. One sorghum DDGS sample out of 168 DG samples was contaminated with bovine spongiform encephalopathy, but the transmission route of the bovine spongiform encephalopathy agent could not be clearly defined. The concentrations of aflatoxin and fumonisin DG by-products averaged 3.4 \u03bcg/kg and 0.7 mg/kg, respectively. Among contaminated corn DG samples, five DDGS samples for aflatoxin contained a higher concentration than the U.S. Food and Drug Administration action level for use in animal feed, whereas no sample for fumonisin was found above the action level. The study results raised some important issues associated with the quality and use of DG by-products, suggesting several approaches and strategies for their effective and safe use as a feed ingredient to promote animal and human health and welfare. ", "19920073": "Antioxidants cause dissociation of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) from inhibitor of Nrf2 (INrf2) and so Nrf2:INrf2 can serve as a sensor of oxidative stress. Nrf2 translocates to the nucleus, binds to antioxidant response element (ARE) and activates defensive gene expression, which protects cells. Controversies exist regarding the role of antioxidant-induced modification of INrf2 cysteine 151 or protein kinase C (PKC)-mediated phosphorylation of Nrf2 serine 40 in the release of Nrf2 from INrf2. In addition, the PKC isoform that phosphorylates Nrf2S40 remains unknown. Here, we demonstrate that antioxidant-induced PKC-delta-mediated phosphorylation of Nrf2S40 leads to release of Nrf2 from INrf2. This was evident from specific chemical inhibitors of PKC isoenzymes in reporter assays, in vitro kinase assays with purified Nrf2 and PKC isoenzymes, in vivo analysis with dominant-negative mutants and siRNA against PKC isoforms, use of PKC-delta(+/+) and PKC-delta(-/-) cells, and use of Nrf2S40 phospho-specific antibody. The studies also showed that antioxidant-induced INrf2C151 modification was insufficient for the dissociation of Nrf2 from INrf2. PKC-delta-mediated Nrf2S40 phosphorylation was also required. Nrf2 and mutant Nrf2S40A both bind to INrf2. However, antioxidant treatment led to release of Nrf2 but not Nrf2S40A from INrf2. In addition, Nrf2 and mutant Nrf2S40A both failed to dissociate from mutant INrf2C151A. Furthermore, antioxidant-induced ubiquitylation of INrf2 in PKC-delta(+/+) and PKC-delta(-/-) cells occurred, but Nrf2 failed to be released in PKC-delta(-/-) cells. The antioxidant activation of Nrf2 reduced etoposide-mediated DNA fragmentation and promoted cell survival in PKC-delta(+/+) but not in PKC-delta(-/-) cells. These data together demonstrate that both modification of INrf2C151 and PKC-delta-mediated phosphorylation of Nrf2S40 play crucial roles in Nrf2 release from INrf2, antioxidant induction of defensive gene expression, promoting cell survival, and increasing drug resistance.", "12768462": "About 50 % of adult alcoholic patients relapse within 3 months of treatment. Previous studies have suggested that acamprosate may help to prevent such relapse. The aim of our study was to assess the efficacy and safety of long-term acamprosate treatment in alcohol dependence of adolescents.", "11465951": "There are several reports in the literature describing the coexistence of features of pemphigus vulgaris and pemphigoid in the same patient. We describe 15 patients with clinical, histological, and immunopathological features of mucous membrane (cicatricial) pemphigoid at the time of initial diagnosis. All 15 patients failed to respond clinically to conventional systemic agents over a mean period of 7.2 years. Hence, IVIg therapy was used. Prior to initiating IVIg therapy, features of mucous membrane pemphigoid and pemphigus vulgaris were demonstrated by various serological tests. Different assays were performed to identify molecular characteristics of these two autoantibodies. Twenty-five healthy normal individuals, 22 patients with mucous membrane pemphigoid, 17 patients with pemphigus vulgaris, and 12 patients with pemphigus foliaceus served as controls for comparison of serological studies. On indirect immunofluorescence, using monkey esophagous as substrate, sera of all 15 patients had demonstrable levels of anti-intercellular cement substance (ICS) or anti-keratinocyte cell surface antibody. Sera of 14 patients on salt split skin bound to the epidermal side of the split, which was consistent with mucous membrane pemphigoid. Sera of all 15 patients demonstrated binding to a 205-kDa protein (human B4 integrin) and a 130-kDa protein (desmoglein 3) on immunoblot. In a sample of sera from each of the 6 patients with mucous membrane pemphigoid and pemphigus vulgaris, the anti-ICS antibody was of the IgG4 subclass. The IgG4 subclass is a characteristic feature associated with pathogenic autoantibodies in pemphigus vulgaris. Hence, in such patients, a dual diagnosis should be considered and confirmed by various serological assays. It is possible that the presence of two pathogenic autoantibodies in these patients could have contributed to the lack of response to conventional immunosuppressive therapy.", "17918160": "In this study we investigated the effect of Tax on nucleotide excision repair (NER) in human T-cell lines by using the host cell repair analysis of UVC-irradiated reporter plasmid. This analysis revealed a p53-dependent NER activity in wild type (w.t.) p53-containing T-cells and p53-independent NER in w.t. p53-lacking T-cells. Notably, in the w.t. p53-containing cells Tax exerted a dose-dependent dual effect on NER. While low Tax doses markedly stimulated this repair, high Tax doses strongly reduced it. Further experiments demonstrated that the low Tax doses enhanced, in these cells, the level and the transcriptional function of their w.t. p53 protein. On the other hand, although the high Tax doses further increased the level of p53, they functionally inactivated its accumulating molecules. Both of these Tax effects on p53 proved to be mediated by Tax-induced NF-kappaB-related mechanisms. Together, these data suggest that by NF-kappaB activation Tax elevates the level of the cellular w.t. p53. However, while at low Tax doses the elevating w.t. p53 molecules are functionally active and capable of stimulating NER, intensifying further the NF-kappaB activation by the high Tax doses concomitantly evokes certain mechanism(s) which functionally inactivates the accumulating p53 protein. In contrast to this dual effect on the p53-dependent NER, Tax displayed only an inhibitory effect on the p53-independent NER by its high doses, whereas its low doses had no effect on this repair. The mechanisms of the NF-kappaB-associated effects on the level and function of the cellular w.t.p53 and of the p53-independent NER noted in our experimental systems are further investigated in our laboratory.", "19141861": "Protease activated receptor 1 (PAR1) signaling can play opposing roles in sepsis, either promoting dendritic cell (DC)-dependent coagulation and inflammation or reducing sepsis lethality due to activated protein C (aPC) therapy. To further define this PAR1 paradox, we focused on the vascular effects of PAR1 signaling. Pharmacological perturbations of the intravascular coagulant balance were combined with genetic mouse models to dissect the roles of endogenously generated thrombin and aPC during escalating systemic inflammation. Acute blockade of the aPC pathway with a potent inhibitory antibody revealed that thrombin-PAR1 signaling increases inflammation-induced vascular hyperpermeability. Conversely, aPC-PAR1 signaling and the endothelial cell PC receptor (EPCR) prevented vascular leakage, and pharmacologic or genetic blockade of this pathway sensitized mice to LPS-induced lethality. Signaling-selective aPC variants rescued mice with defective PC activation from vascular leakage and lethality. Defects in the aPC pathway were fully compensated by sphingosine 1 phosphate receptor 3 (S1P3) deficiency or by selective agonists of the S1P receptor 1 (S1P1), indicating that PAR1 signaling contributes to setting the tone for the vascular S1P1/S1P3 balance. Thus, the activating proteases and selectivity in coupling to S1P receptor subtypes determine vascular PAR1 signaling specificity in systemic inflammatory response syndromes in vivo.", "22508774": "This article has been retracted. See Notice of Retraction.", "11375852": "A sedative dose of midazolam decreases contractility of the diaphragm, but no data are available concerning the relationship between dose and diaphragmatic contractility. We studied the dose-response characteristics of midazolam for reducing the diaphragmatic contractility in dogs. Animals were divided into three groups of eight each: Group 1 received no study drug, Group 2 was infused with a sedative dose of midazolam (0.1 mg/kg initial dose plus 0.1 mg x kg(-1) x h(-1) maintenance dose), and Group 3 was infused with an anesthetic dose of midazolam (0.1 mg/kg initial dose plus 0.5 mg x kg(-1) x h(-1) maintenance dose). We assessed the diaphragmatic contractility by transdiaphragmatic pressure (Pdi). With an infusion of midazolam in Groups 2 and 3, Pdi at low-frequency (20 Hz) and high-frequency (100 Hz) stimulation decreased from the baseline values (P < 0.05), and the integrated electrical activity of diaphragm (Edi) at 100-Hz stimulation decreased from the baseline values, whereas Edi at 20-Hz stimulation did not change. Compared with Group 1, Pdi and Edi for each stimulus decreased during midazolam infusion in Groups 2 and 3 (P < 0.05). The decrease in Pdi and Edi was more in Group 3 than in Group 2 (P < 0.05). We conclude that midazolam decreases, in a dose-dependent manner, contractility of the diaphragm in dogs.", "11834606": "NCX-701 is a nitric oxide (NO)-releasing acetaminophen (APAP) derivative. In the present study we demonstrated that NCX-701 is as effective as APAP in controlling body temperature in a rat model of endotoxin-induced fever. Liver toxicity is a major complication of APAP overdosing. To investigate whether NCX-701 is hepatotoxic, BALB/C mice were injected with 100 - 500 mg kg(-1) APAP or NCX-701 alone or in combination (i.e. 500 mg kg(-1) of both compounds). Our results demonstrated that although APAP caused a dose-dependent liver injury, NCX-701 was completely devoid of liver toxicity. At the dose of 500 mg kg(-1) APAP caused an approximately 40 fold increase of AST plasma levels and extensive centrilobular necrosis. APAP and NCX-701 share the same metabolic pathway as demonstrated by the time-course of APAP-glucuronide concentrations in plasma and liver. NCX-701 was safe in mice with pre-existing chronic liver disease. Indeed, while C57BL6 transgenic mice expressing the hepatitis B virus (HBV) at the age of 8 months were significantly more susceptible to liver damage induced by APAP (500 mg kg(-1)) than their congenic littermates, treating HBV-transgenic mice with NCX-701, 500 mg kg(-1), caused no damage. Co-administration of NCX-701 at the dose 500 mg kg(-1) to mice treated with APAP, 500 mg kg(-1), completely protected against liver damage induced by APAP. APAP, but not NCX-701, upregulated liver Fas and Fas Ligand mRNA expression in vivo. Incubating mouse hepatocytes with APAP, but not with NCX-701, increased cell surface Fas expression and sensitized hepatocytes to death induced by challenge with a Fas-agonistic antibody. Collectively, these observations suggest that APAP toxicity is Fas mediated and that NCX-701 spares the liver by acting at several checkpoints in the Fas pathway.", "24179960": "The rapid developments in medical and biological sciences have led to emergence of huge information on drugs and various diseases. But accessing this vast information has limits and rational selection of drugs and utilization of drugs have become more complex. Information regarding the various aspects of drugs may be conveyed by drug information units which run only in specified tertiary care institutional units, to the physicians who treat the patients in the hospital and to the general practitioners outside, in emergencies and in normal situations.", "16192765": "AQUAVAN Injection (AQ) (GPI 15715; Guilford Pharmaceuticals Inc., Baltimore, MD) is a water-soluble prodrug of propofol. The authors explored the pharmacodynamics and safety of AQ and compared it with propofol lipid emulsion (PropofolD).", "10925314": "Antiphospholipid (aPL) syndrome (APS) is characterized by thromboembolic events, thrombocytopenia, or recurrent miscarriage associated with aPL Abs with specificity for beta2-glycoprotein-I (beta2GPI). We recently reported that at least 44% of patients with the APS possess circulating type 1 (Th1) CD4+ T cells that proliferate and secrete IFN-gamma when stimulated with beta2GPI in vitro. In this study, we show that stimulation of PBMCs from 20 APS patients with beta2GPI induced substantial monocyte tissue factor (TF) (80 +/- 11 TF stimulation index (TF-SI)), whereas no induction was observed using PBMCs from 13 patients with aPL Abs without APS (6 +/- 1 TF-SI) or 7 normal and 7 autoimmune controls (5 +/- 1 and 3 +/- 1 TF-SI, respectively) (p < 0.0001). TF induction on monocytes by beta2GPI was dose dependent and required CD4+ T lymphocytes and class II MHC molecules. Because monocyte TF induction by beta2GPI was observed in all patients with APS, but not in any patient with aPL Abs without APS, this response is a potentially useful predictor for APS in patients with aPL Abs, as well as providing mechanistic insight into thrombosis and fetal loss in these patients.", "12932358": "A mouse strain was identified with a recessive genetic lesion, which spontaneously developed a lymphoproliferative autoimmune syndrome exhibiting features of systemic lupus erythematosus. Positional mapping of the disease-associated locus revealed a lesion in Rasgrp1 that prevented the translation of the RasGRP1 protein. T cells from these mice failed to activate Ras or proliferate vigorously following antigen encounter and showed defects in positive selection. Peripheral RasGRP1lag T cells spontaneously adopted a memory phenotype and were able to transfer disease to lymphopenic recipient mice. CD4+ T cells accumulated in the lymphoid tissues of older RasGRP1lag mice and were resistant to activation-induced cell death. RasGRP1lag B cells were functionally normal, but activated B cells were detected in older mice, as were autoantibodies directed against self-antigens. Our findings indicate that Ras signaling pathways are required to maintain T cell tolerance and to prevent autoimmune disease.", "22893834": "Many traumatised refugees suffer from both persistent pain and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). To date, no specific guidelines exist for treatment of this group of patients. This paper presents data on a pilot treatment study conducted with 15 traumatised refugees with persistent pain and PTSD.", "24081676": "This study aims to explore the apoptotic function of shikonin on the papillary thyroid cancer cells and the related mechanism. The papillary thyroid cancer cell lines K1 and W3 and thyroid follicular epithelial cells NTHY-ORI 3-1 were treated with different concentrations of shikonin. Cell proliferation was tested. Morphological changes of the apoptotic cells were observed by Hoechst 33342 staining. The apoptosis rate of the papillary thyroid cancer cells was measured with flow cytometry. Changes of the cell cycle were explored. The mitochondrial membrane potential changes were analyzed after JC-1 staining. Bcl-2 family proteins and caspase-3 expression with shikonin treatment was analyzed by real-time fluorescence polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Cell proliferation of K1 and W3 was inhibited by shikonin, and the inhibition was dose-time dependent. Papillary thyroid carcinoma cells treated by shikonin had no obvious cell cycle arrest but were observed with the higher apoptosis rate and the typical apoptotic morphological changes of the cell nucleus. JC-1 staining showed that shikonin reduced the mitochondrial membrane potential of papillary thyroid carcinoma cells. Real-time PCR results showed that shikonin significantly increased Bax and caspase-3 expression and upregulated Bcl-2 expression in a dose-dependent manner in papillary thyroid carcinoma cells. However, the NTHY-ORI 3-1 was almost not affected by shikonin treatment. Shikonin can inhibit K1 and W3 cell proliferation in a dose- and time-dependent manner, enhance Bax levels, reduce anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 levels, result in decreasing mitochondrial membrane potential and activating caspase-3 enzyme, and finally lead to apoptosis. ", "19019027": "Diabetes is a common metabolic disorder that is usually accompanied by increased production of reactive oxygen species or by impaired antioxidant defenses. Importantly, oxidative stress is particularly relevant to the risk of cardiovascular disease. Alpha-lipoic acid (LA), a naturally occurring dithiol compound, has long been known as an essential cofactor for mitochondrial bioenergetic enzymes. LA is a very important micronutrient with diverse pharmacologic and antioxidant properties. Pharmacologically, LA improves glycemic control and polyneuropathies associated with diabetes mellitus; it also effectively mitigates toxicities associated with heavy metal poisoning. As an antioxidant, LA directly terminates free radicals, chelates transition metal ions, increases cytosolic glutathione and vitamin C levels, and prevents toxicities associated with their loss. These diverse actions suggest that LA acts by multiple mechanisms both physiologically and pharmacologically. Its biosynthesis decreases as people age and is reduced in people with compromised health, thus suggesting a possible therapeutic role for LA in such cases. Reviewed here is the known efficacy of LA with particular reference to types 1 and 2 diabetes. Particular attention is paid to the potential benefits of LA with respect to glycemic control, improved insulin sensitivity, oxidative stress, and neuropathy in diabetic patients. It appears that the major benefit of LA supplementation is in patients with diabetic neuropathy.", "16872742": "A Novel, rapid, sensitive and selective reactions are developed for spectrophotometric determination of trace amounts of vanadium (V) in environmental, biological, pharmaceutical and alloy samples was studied. The methods were based on interactions of 4-bromophenyl hydrazine (4-BPH) with N-(1-naphthyl ethylenediamine dihydrochloride (NEDA) in the presence of vanadium in acidic medium (acetate buffer of pH 3.0) to give violet colored derivative or on the oxidation of 4-bromophenyl hydrazine by vanadium in basic medium and coupling with chromotropic acid (CA) to yield red color derivative. The violet color derivative having an absorbance maximum at 570nm which is stable for 7 days and the red derivative with lambda(max) 495nm for 5 days. Beer's law was obeyed for vanadium in the concentration range of 0.5-6.0microgml(-1) (violet derivative) and 0.6-7.0microgml(-1) (red derivative), respectively. The optimum reaction conditions and other important analytical parameters were established to enhance the sensitivity of the proposed methods. Interference due to various non-target ions was also investigated. The proposed methods were applied to the analysis of vanadium (V) in environmental, biological, pharmaceutical and steel samples. The performance of proposed methods were evaluated in terms of Student's t-test and Variance ratio F-test that indicates the significance of proposed methods over reported method.", "18789672": "Recent studies have demonstrated the cardioprotective abilities of resveratrol, a polyphenolic antioxidant present in red wine. Resveratrol can also kill cancer cells at relatively higher doses by exerting a death signal. We reasoned that resveratrol might possess the ability to protect the cells at lower doses as observed during pharmacological preconditioning of the heart, while at higher doses cause cell death as found for cancer cells. To test this hypothesis, rats were randomly fed for 14 days by gavaging any of the four doses of resveratrol - 2.5, 5.0, 25 or 50 mg/kg - while vehicle-fed animals served as placebo control. After 14 days, isolated working hearts were prepared from both experimental and control animals, and the hearts were subjected to 30-min global ischemia followed by 2 h of reperfusion. The rats fed either 2.5 or 5 mg/kg dose of resveratrol for 14 days provided cardioprotection as evidenced by improved post-ischemic ventricular recovery and reduction of myocardial infarct size and cardiomyocyte apoptosis compared to control. In contrast, the hearts fed either 25 or 50 mg/kg dose of resveratrol depressed cardiac function and increased myocardial infarct size and number of apoptotic cells. The results for Western blots and RT-PCR demonstrated an increase of protein and RNA transcripts of redox proteins including thioredoxin (Trx)-1, Trx-2, glutaredoxin (Grx)-1, Grx-2, redox factor Ref-1 as well as redox-sensitive transcription factor NFkappaB, and survival factors such as phosphorylated-Akt (p-Akt), and Bcl-2 in the animals fed lower doses (2.5 and 5 mg/kg) of resveratrol, while the reverse was true for the animals fed higher doses (25 and 50 mg/kg) of resveratrol. The results thus indicate that at lower doses (2.5 or 5 mg/kg), resveratrol exerts survival signal by up-regulating anti-apoptotic and redox proteins Akt and Bcl-2, while at higher doses (>25 mg/kg), it potentiates a death signal by down-regulating redox proteins and up-regulating pro-apoptotic proteins.", "18806057": "Visceral pain in the perineal area associated with malignancies may be effectively treated with neurolysis of the ganglion impar. Since the first description of the technique of accessing the ganglion impar through anococcygeal ligament, many techniques for ganglion impar block have been described. We present a patient diagnosed with carcinoma of the anal canal who was successfully given ultrasound-guided ganglion impar block using a Chiba needle inserted through the anococcygeal ligament. In summary, ultrasound-guided ganglion impar neurolysis is a fast, safe, and cost-effective method, which can be used as a first-line pain relief intervention for good quality of life in patients with perianal cancers.", "25326893": "Stromal cell-derived factor 1 (SDF-1) and its receptor, CXCR4, play an important role in tumor progression. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) process is linked to disease pathophysiology. This study aimed to investigate the roles and underlying mechanisms of SDF-1/CXCR4 axis in EMT process of glioblastoma. In the present study, CXCR4 activation and inhibition in U87 were induced with exogenous SDF-1 and with CXCR4 small interfering RNA (siRNA), respectively. CXCR4 downstream signal molecules AKT, ERK, and EMT biomarkers (vementin, snail, N-cadherin, and E-cadherin) were tested using the Western blot. Our results showed that SDF-1 can induce AKT and ERK phosphorylation in a dose-dependent manner, and endogenous CXCR4 can be blocked thoroughly by CXCR4 siRNA in U87. Notably SDF-1 alone treatment can induce the upregulation of vementin, snail, and N-cadherin of U87; besides, the downregulation of E-cadherin also occurred. On the contrary, CXCR4 siRNA significantly prohibited SDF-1-induced AKT and ERK phosphorylation, at the same time, EMT biomarker changes were not observed. Function analysis revealed that CXCR4 siRNA obviously interfered with U87 cell migration and proliferation, according to wound healing assay. In conclusion, this study suggested that EMT process can be triggered by the SDF-1/CXCR4 axis in glioblastoma, and then involved in the tumor cell invasion and proliferation via activation of PI3K/AKT and ERK pathway. Our study lays a new foundation for the treatment of glioblastoma through antagonizing CXCR4.", "1996082": "c-Jun/AP-1 is a transcription factor commonly induced in mammalian cells by serum, phorbol compounds, or peptide growth factors. We show that c-Jun/AP-1 is inducible as well as coordinately regulated, in the human acute myelogenous leukemia cell line KG-1, by the cytostatic drug 1-beta-D-arabinofuranosylcytosine (Ara-C). Concomitantly with Ara-C treatment, growth inhibition and loss of clonogenic survival of KG-1 cells were observed. Whereas KG-1 cells displayed only barely detectable amounts of c-jun transcripts when cultured in the presence of serum, Ara-C at concentrations of 1 to 50 microM induced c-jun transcripts in a dose-dependent fashion. Time course studies showed that 10 microM Ara-C induced c-jun transcripts 6 hr after initiation of culture. Induction of c-jun mRNA was independent of de novo protein synthesis, because the protein synthesis inhibitor cycloheximide failed to alter Ara-C-induced c-jun mRNA accumulation. Furthermore, cycloheximide did not induce c-jun transcripts, ruling out the possibility of posttranscriptional stabilization of c-jun mRNA by labile proteins, as has been previously reported for a variety of serum-inducible protooncogenes and early response genes. Moreover, nuclear run-on analysis disclosed that c-jun induction by Ara-C in KG-1 cells took place at a transcriptional level. Taken together, these findings indicate that c-jun mRNA, unlike its rapid (within minutes) induction by serum in fibroblasts, is induced by Ara-C in KG-1 cells following a much more prolonged time course and is regulated essentially at a transcriptional level.", "26088761": "Hypercholesterolemia is associated with an increased risk of heart disease. In this study, we investigated the antihyperlipidemic effects of garlic (Allium sativum L.) in rat models of hypercholesterolemic.", "10417466": "Postanaesthetic shivering affects up to 70% of patients after general anaesthesia, and may be very distressing. Various drugs have been used to treat or prevent postanaesthetic shivering, but the ideal one has not yet been found. Sixty patients undergoing elective abdominal or orthopaedic surgery under general anaesthesia were included in a randomised, double-blind study. Patients received clonidine (3 microgram.kg-1), nefopam (0.15 mg.kg-1) or saline 0.9% as a placebo at the end of surgery, prior to extubation. Nefopam and clonidine significantly reduced the incidence and severity of shivering in comparison with the placebo. The recovery time, between the end of anaesthesia and extubation, was significantly longer in the clonidine-treated patients [13.6 (5.2) min] than in either the nefopam [9.6 (2.8) min] or the placebo [10.0 (5.4) min] groups. Mean arterial blood pressure and heart rate were significantly lower in the clonidine group compared with both other groups. Our results suggest that nefopam and clonidine are effective in the prevention of postanaesthetic shivering. However, following clonidine administration the recovery time was prolonged and hypotension was significantly greater than after nefopam.", "20829510": "To examine the direct effect of apolipoprotein CIII (apoCIII) on adipokine expressions that are involved in obesity, insulin resistance, or metabolic syndrome.", "25367885": "The chemokine receptor CXCR4 and its ligand stromal cell-derived factor 1 (SDF-1) plays an important role in tumor progression and are associated with angiogenesis. Meanwhile, the implications of C23 in multiple signaling pathways have been also investigated. However, the effects of C23 on CXCR4 pathway in glioblastoma are not fully characterized. In the present study, C23 and CXCR4 of U87 cell line were inhibited by anti-C23 and anti-CXCR4 antibodies, respectively; and then C23 and CXCR4 siRNAs were used to knock down endogenous C23 and CXCR4, respectively. In addition, MTT assay was also introduced. Our data showed that either anti-C23 or anti-CXCR4 antibodies efficaciously repressed the phosphorylation levels of ERK (p\u2009<\u20090.000) and AKT (p\u2009<\u20090.000) compared with SDF-1 alone and control. As expected, either C23 or CXCR4 siRNAs indeed resulted in C23 and CXCR4 knockdown and further suppressed the expression of p-ERK and p-AKT. Most importantly, immunoprecipitation revealed C23 interacted with CXCR4 once U87 was exposed to SDF-1 treatment. In addition, MTT assay identified that C23 or CXCR4 siRNAs could obviously decreased cell proliferation capacity (p\u2009=\u20090.002). In conclusion, our results suggest that C23 plays a crucial role in activation of SDF-1-induced ERK and PI3K/AKT pathways via interacting with CXCR4. Furthermore, C23 could be recommended as an important element in glioblastoma development and a new target for glioblastoma treatment.", "25695571": "One of every 150 hospitalized patients experiences a lethal adverse event; nearly half of these events involves surgical patients. Although variations in surgeon performance and quality have been reported in the literature, less is known about the influence of anesthesiologists on outcomes after major surgery. Our goal of this study was to determine whether there is significant variation in outcomes between anesthesiologists after controlling for patient case mix and hospital quality.", "9057630": "The ob gene product, leptin, has been shown in several studies to be involved in weight control and recombinant leptin recently has entered clinical trials to treat obesity. The leptin receptor (OB-R/B219) is expressed in a variety of protein isoforms not only in the central nervous system, but also in reproductive, and hematopoietic tissues. We reported recently that the OB-R/B219 was associated with a variety of hematopoietic lineages as well as the small fraction of cells containing the long-term reconstituting hematopoietic stem cells. Herein we report that leptin significantly stimulates the proliferation and differentiation of yolk sac cells and fetal liver cells and stimulates directly hematopoietic precursors. Leptin alone can increase the number of macrophage and granulocyte colonies, and leptin plus erythropoietin act synergistically to increase erythroid development. These data show that leptin has a significant, direct effect on early hematopoietic development and can stimulate the differentiation of lineage-restricted precursors of the erythrocytic and myelopoietic lineages. These observations along with a recent report strongly support our previous hypothesis that leptin has an unanticipated important role in hematopoietic and immune system development.", "1701215": "Studies were conducted to assess the ability of the thymic polypeptide hormone thymopoietin (TPO) to interact with proto-typical ganglia-type or muscle-type nicotinic acetylcholine receptor ion channels (nAcChoR). Also investigated were interactions of TPO with neuronal nicotinic alpha-bungarotoxin binding sites (nBgtS), which share many features with nAcChoR and may belong to an extended nAcChoR family but do not appear to function as simple ligand-gated ion channels. TPO and alpha-bungarotoxin (Bgt) share the capacity for high affinity (IC50 values in the nanomolar range) interaction with nBgtS, which are expressed as high affinity radioiodinated Bgt binding sites by cells of the SH-SY5Y or IMR-32 human neuroblastomas. TPO and Bgt also share the capacity for high affinity interaction with muscle-type nAcChoR, which are expressed as high affinity binding sites for radioiodinated Bgt or tritium-labeled acetylcholine by cells of the TE671/RD human clone or the BC3H-1 mouse muscle cell line or on membrane preparations from Torpedo electroplax. TPO and Bgt act acutely as high affinity antagonists of muscle-type nAcChoR functional responses, which are measured using an isotopic rubidium ion efflux assay, on TE671/RD or BC3H-1 cells. In contrast, neither TPO nor Bgt are effective, at doses of up to 1 microM, as antagonists of ganglia-type nAcChoR function on SH-SY5Y or IMR-32 cells, nor are they potent as inhibitors of high affinity tritium-labeled acetylcholine binding to sites on putative ganglia-type nAcChoR expressed by SH-SY5Y or IMR-32 cells. These data indicate that some members of the extended nAcChoR family, including nBgtS and functional muscle-type nAcChoR but not ganglia-type nAcChoR, can interact with either Bgt or TPO. The results suggest that TPO may be an endogenous ligand active in both the nervous and immune systems and that some of its actions may be mediated via nBgtS or via functional blockade of muscle-type nAcChoR.", "26064224": "Parathyroid hormone (PTH) increases both bone formation (BMD) and bone resorption, whereas alendronate reduces bone resorption. It is possible that the combination therapy of PTH with alendronate will enhance their effects on BMD. Therefore, we conducted this meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy of the combination therapy of PTH with alendronate in the treatment of patients with osteoporosis.", "1588795": "Ethylene glycol ethers and their acetate derivatives were analyzed for their toxicity in vitro on several hemopoietic cell lines, either growth-factor-dependent or leukemic, in mouse, rat, and human species. Considering the concentrations that reduced the cell viability in culture by 50%, most of the ethylene glycol ethers and in particular ethylene glycol monoethyl ether (EGEE) or ethylene glycol monobutyl ether (EGBE) should be considered as hemopoietic toxins. EGBE was found to be the most potent toxin on the human promyelocytic cell line, NB4 (median inhibitory concentration (IC50) 5 mM at 6 h; IC50 0.1 mM at 96 h) but also on the factor-dependent cell line DA1 (IC50 80 microM at 48 h). Factor-dependent cell lines were not significantly more sensitive than leukemic cell lines. The toxicity of these compounds falls in the same range of concentration as benzene or phenol, but hydroquinone was significantly more toxic in the same assay (IC50 3-15 microM at 48 h). Toxic effects increased linearly with time. The toxicity of ethylene glycol ethers was confirmed by both assays for colony-forming units in culture medium (CFU-C) (human blood cord cells) and murine bone marrow long-term culture (IC50 5-10 mM). Stromal cells in the adherent layer were more resistant than hemopoietic cells. An all or none toxicity was found within a narrow range of concentration (2-5 mM for EGBE), and chronic exposure over two months did not show cumulative effects on the culture cellularity. The possibility that fibroblastic or macrophage cells worked at the detoxification of the culture is suggested. Results are discussed with regard to epidemiological and in vivo experimental data presently available.", "17339748": "High serum level of GH in the presence of low plasma level of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is one of the endocrinological features of anorexia nervosa (AN). Whether the amount of endogenous GH is not enough to increase IGF-I is not certain. We studied the effect of recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) on the GH-IGF-I axis and on malnutrition-related disorders in this syndrome. Twenty patients with AN were divided into two groups; one (N = 13) was given rhGH (0.33 mg/day), and the other (N = 7) was given placebo for 6 or 12 months, respectively. During each treatment, levels of serum GH, plasma IGF-I, serum thyroid hormones, serum cholesterol, fasting plasma glucose and cardiac function were monitored. Changes in body mass index (BMI) and calorie taken were also evaluated. Plasma IGF-I level increased from 74.4 +/- 41.9 to 269.0 +/- 31.2 microg/L (P<0.001) during administration of rhGH, which associated with a decrease in serum GH level from 17.0 +/- 15.0 to 1.6 +/- 0.8 microg/L (P<0.001). Administration of rhGH increased BMI, body temperature, fasting plasma glucose level, and food intake. Serum level of triiodothyronine, but not thyroxine, increased during treatment with rhGH. The treatment decreased serum levels of both total and HDL-cholesterol. Studies with echocardiography showed an increase in cardiac output during the treatment with rhGH. These improvements were not observed in patients treated with placebo. Administration of rhGH is recommended as one of the methods of managing the patients with AN.", "15144295": "Postanaesthetic shivering is a frequent complication following general anaesthesia. The aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness of three doses of nefopam with clonidine and placebo in the prevention of postanaesthetic shivering. We studied 371 patients undergoing abdominal or orthopaedic surgery. Patients were allocated to one of five groups: Group A (n = 73) received 0.2 mg x kg(-1) nefopam, Group B (n = 75) 0.1 mg x kg(-1) nefopam, Group C (n = 76) 0.05 mg x kg(-1) nefopam, Group D (n = 73) 1.5 microg x kg(-1) clonidine, and Group E (n = 74) saline 0.9% as placebo. We found a significant reduction in the incidence of shivering in Group A compared to Group C and clonidine as well as to the placebo group. All active treatments reduced the incidence and the severity of shivering compared to placebo. At 5 min postoperatively clonidine-treated patients showed a significant decrease in MAP and a significantly lower Aldrete score compared to all other groups. No haemodynamic or sedative adverse events were observed in the nefopam-treated patients. The results of our study indicate that nefopam (0.2 mg x kg(-1)) is superior to clonidine (1.5 microg x kg(-1)) in the prophylaxis of postanaesthetic shivering and not accompanied by sedative or haemodynamic side-effects.", "24900970": "Tanshinone IIA (Tan IIA), an active phytochemical in the dried root of Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge, has shown an antiproliferative activity on various human cancer cell lines including nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells. However, the effects of Tan IIA on human oral cancer cells are still unknown. This study aimed to investigate the antiproliferative effects of Tan IIA on human oral cancer KB cells and explored the possible underlying mechanism. Treatment of KB cells with Tan IIA suppressed cell proliferation/viability and induced cell death in a dose-dependent manner through sulforhodamine B colorimetric assay. Observation of cell morphology revealed the involvement of apoptosis in the Tan IIA-induced growth inhibition on KB cells. Cell cycle analysis showed a cell cycle arrest in G2/M phase on Tan IIA-treated cells. The dissipation of mitochondrial membrane potential observed by flow cytometry and the expression of activated caspases with the cleaved poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase under immunoblotting analysis indicated that Tan IIA-induced apoptosis in KB cells was mediated through the mitochondria-dependent caspase pathway. These observations suggested that Tan IIA could be a potential anticancer agent for oral cancer.", "24909173": "Cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) have been implicated in the development of resistance to anticancer drugs; however, the role and mechanism underlying CAFs in luminal breast cancer (BrCA) tamoxifen resistance are unclear. We found that stromal fibroblasts isolated from the central or peripheral area of BrCA have similar CAF phenotype and activity. In vitro and in vivo experiments showed that CAFs derived from clinical-luminal BrCAs induce tamoxifen resistance through decreasing estrogen receptor-\u03b1 (ER-\u03b1) level when cultured with luminal BrCA cell lines MCF7 and T47D. CAFs promoted tamoxifen resistance through interleukin-6 (IL-6) secretion, which activates Janus kinase/signal transducers and activators of transcription\u00a0(JAK/STAT3) and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT pathways in tumor cells, followed by induction of epithelial-mesenchymal transition\u00a0and upregulation of E3 ubiquitin ligase anaphase-promoting complex\u00a010 activity, which targeted ER-\u03b1 degradation through the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway. Inhibition of proteasome activity, IL-6 activity or either the JAK/STAT3 or PI3K/AKT pathways markedly reduced CAF-induced tamoxifen resistance. In xenograft experiments of CAFs mixed with MCF7 cells, CAF-specific IL-6 knockdown inhibited tumorigenesis and restored tamoxifen sensitivity. These findings indicate that CAFs mediate tamoxifen resistance through IL-6-induced degradation of ER-\u03b1\u00a0in luminal BrCAs.Oncogene advance online publication, 9 June 2014; doi:10.1038/onc.2014.158. ", "16061819": "Dendritic cells (DCs) are classified in two states: immature DCs (iDCs), which perform sentinel functions, sampling for antigen and danger signals, and mature DCs (mDCs), which exhibit enhanced antigen-presenting functions but are no longer capable of acquiring antigen. We now describe DCs with a different activation phenotype: cells having the strong antigen-presenting functions of mDCs and the antigen-acquiring functions of iDCs. We have described an antibody that binds the costimulatory molecule B7-DC and activates DCs. The resulting phenotype is distinct from iDCs or mDCs matured by using Toll-like receptor (TLR) agonists. Ability to take up antigen increases, while expression of B71/2 costimulatory and MHC molecules remains unchanged. DCs matured with TLR agonists and then superactivated through B7-DC exhibit a previously unrecognized phenotype. These DCs recover the ability to take up antigen, which is normally lost after treatment with TLR-3 and TLR-9 agonists, yet retain the high expression of costimulatory and MHC molecules and strong antigen-presenting functions of mDCs. Immunization using TLR agonists and B7-DC XAb (cross-linking antibody) together as adjuvant resulted in substantially increased cytolytic T cell responses, particularly when minimal peptide antigens were used. By stimulating DCs with two distinct activation signals, a previously unrecognized phenotype exhibiting augmented antigen-presenting functions was obtained.", "17126782": "To evaluate the influence of aging on lidocaine requirements for propofol-induced pain on injection.", "26670466": "Glioblastoma is the most deadly primary brain tumor in adults and has long represented a therapeutic challenge. Disease recurrence is inevitable, and the management of recurrent disease is complicated by spontaneous or induced tumor heterogeneity which confers resistance to therapy and increased oncogenicity. EGFR and the tumor-specific mutation EGFRvIII is commonly altered in glioblastoma making it an appealing therapeutic target. Immunotherapy is an emerging and promising therapeutic approach to glioma and the EGFRvIII vaccine, rindopepimut, is the first immunotherapeutic drug to enter Phase III clinical trials for glioblastoma. Rindopepimut activates a specific immune response against tumor cells harboring the EGFRvIII protein. This review evaluates the recently completed ReACT Phase II trial using rindopepimut plus bevacizumab in the setting of EGFRvIII-positive recurrent glioblastoma (Clinical Trials identifier: NCT01498328). ", "28243335": "miR-BART22, a new discovered Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) miRNA, is abundant in Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). It has been reported that miR-BART22 promoted the tumor development by down-modulating EBV LMP2 expression to evade the host immune response. But its cell target genes have still been obscure. We have reported an inverse correlation between the BART-22 and MAP3K5 protein expression in NPC tissues and NPC cell lines. Meanwhile, MAP3K5 protein expression level was significantly decreased in primary NPC tissues compared with nasopharyngitis when MAP3K5 mRNA expression was consistent in two group tissues. According to our data and target prediction by miRnada, we assume MAP3K5 is an important target gene of NPC. MAP3K5, also named apoptosis signal-regulating kinase1 (ASK1), is an important early answer gene in P38MAPK pathway and an apoptosis-related gene. In present study, MAP3K5 was verified the target gene of miR-BART22 by luciferase assay. miRBART-22 decreased MAP3K5 protein level. Moreover, it also decreased MAP3K5 downstream gene MAP2K4 expression in P38MAPK pathway, and even their activated phosphorylation forms. Additionally, we found stable transfection of miR-BAT22 could improve tumor cells' proliferative and invasive abilities in NPC cell line 5-8F. The data highlight the role of the EBV miR-BART22 in regulating genes involving in apoptosis and some important pathways to promote cancer development. And it also raises the possibility that inhibitors of miR-BART22 can be as a therapeutic strategy for NPC and other EBV-infected tumors treatment.", "19690913": "Dexamethasone has antiemetic and analgesic effects for various types of surgery. The efficacy of dexamethasone for reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) and analgesic requirement has never been evaluated for patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC).", "25953179": "Mycoplasma meleagridis strain B2096 8B was isolated from domestic chickens in South Africa. The 845,307-bp full genome was sequenced, assembled, and annotated.", "11146662": "HFE, the protein that is mutated in hereditary haemochromatosis, binds to the transferrin receptor (TfR). Here we show that wild-type HFE and TfR localize in endosomes and at the basolateral membrane of a polarized duodenal epithelial cell line, whereas the primary haemochromatosis HFE mutant, and another mutant with impaired TfR-binding ability accumulate in the ER/Golgi and at the basolateral membrane, respectively. Levels of the iron-storage protein ferritin are greatly reduced and those of TfR are slightly increased in cells expressing wild-type HFE, but not in cells expressing either mutant. Addition of an endosomal-targeting sequence derived from the human low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) to the TfR-binding-impaired mutant restores its endosomal localization but not ferritin reduction or TfR elevation. Thus, binding to TfR is required for transport of HFE to endosomes and regulation of intracellular iron homeostasis, but not for basolateral surface expression of HFE.", "9655725": "The effect of environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) exposure on adults with asthma has not been well characterized. In a prospective cohort study of 451 nonsmoking adults with asthma, we evaluated the impact of ETS exposure on asthma severity, health status, and health care utilization over 18 mo. There were 129 subjects (29%; 95% CI, 25-33%) who reported regular ETS exposure, falling into three categories: exposure at baseline but none at follow-up (n = 43, 10%), no baseline exposure and new exposure at follow-up (n = 56, 12%), and exposure at both baseline and follow-up (n = 30, 7%). In cross-sectional analyses, subjects with baseline ETS exposure had greater severity-of-asthma scores (score difference, 1.7; 95% CI, 0. 2-3.1), worse asthma-specific quality of life scores (score difference, 3.5; 95% CI, 0.03-7.0), and worse scores on the Medical Outcomes Study SF-36 physical component summary (score difference, 3. 0; 95% CI, 0-6.0) than unexposed subjects. They also had greater odds of emergency department visits (odds ratio [OR] = 2.1; 95% CI, 1.2-3.5), urgent physician visits (OR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.3), and hospitalizations (OR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.02-3.6). In longitudinal follow-up, subjects reporting ETS cessation showed improvement in severity-of-asthma scores (score reduction, -3.2; 95% CI, -4.4 to -2. 0) and physical component summary scores (score increase, 5.3; 95% CI, 2.6-8.1). Environmental tobacco smoke cessation decreased the odds of emergency department visits (OR = 0.4; 95% CI, 0.2-0.97) and hospitalizations (OR = 0.2; 95% CI, 0.04-0.97) after adjustment for covariates. Environmental tobacco smoke initiation was associated with greater asthma severity only in subjects with high-level (>= 3 h/wk) exposure (score increase, 1.4; 95% CI, 0.03-2.7). In conclusion, self-reported ETS exposure is associated with greater asthma severity, worse health status, and increased health care utilization in adults with asthma.", "12670382": "Traditional Chinese acupressure is a noninvasive technique that employs pressure and massage to acupoints in order to stimulate the balance of life energy that promotes health and comfort. Sleep disturbance is common in patients with end-stage renal disease but no intervention studies have addressed this problem. Aim. The purpose of the present study was to test the effectiveness of acupoints massage for patients with end-stage renal disease and experiencing sleep disturbances and diminished quality of life.", "20870577": "Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) is a severe complication of heparin therapy caused by an antibody against heparin/Platelet Factor 4 (PF4) complex. It complicates the treatment with unfractionated heparin (UFH). The aim of the study was to assess the interest of using confirmatory test in ELISA with use of high concentration of heparin (100 UI/mL) in patients (n=15) with discordance between platelet activation test and ELISA test. We obtained a rate inhibition higher than 50% in 86% of patients was observed. We conclude that inclusion of the high heparin confirmatory procedure in ELISA demonstrate the dependent heparin character of the antibodies but does not improve diagnostic specificity. In addiction a 2-fold increase in final test cost is observed.", "19633587": "The Emergency Severity Index version 4 (ESI v.4) is a triage system, which demonstrates reliability in adult populations, however, it has not been extensively studied in pediatrics. The goal of this study was to measure interrater reliability and agreement rates within and between a group of pediatric emergency medicine physicians and pediatric triage (PT) nurses using ESI v.4 in a pediatric population.", "19371446": "Our understanding of the effects of football code participation on low back pain (LBP) is limited. It is unclear whether LBP is more prevalent in athletic populations or differs between levels of competition. Thus it was the aim of this study to document and compare the prevalence, intensity, quality and frequency of LBP between elite and semi-elite male Australian football code participants and a non-athletic group.", "17241528": "Several epidemiological studies have suggested that treatment with angiotensin II type 1 receptor blocker provided a risk reduction of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to investigate whether and how chronic candesartan treatment can attenuate the deleterious influence of the hyperactive local intra-islet renin-angiotensin system in the diabetes state.", "19060155": "Type 3 (T3) effector proteins, secreted by nitrogen-fixing rhizobia with a bacterial T3 secretion system, affect the nodulation of certain host legumes. The open reading frame y4lO of Rhizobium sp. strain NGR234 encodes a protein with sequence similarities to T3 effectors from pathogenic bacteria (the YopJ effector family). Transcription studies showed that the promoter activity of y4lO depended on the transcriptional activator TtsI. Recombinant Y4lO protein expressed in Escherichia coli did not acetylate two representative mitogen-activated protein kinase kinases (human MKK6 and MKK1 from Medicago truncatula), indicating that YopJ-like proteins differ with respect to their substrate specificities. The y4lO gene was mutated in NGR234 (strain NGROmegay4lO) and in NGR Omega nopL, a mutant that does not produce the T3 effector NopL (strain NGR Omega nopLOmegay4lO). When used as inoculants, the symbiotic properties of the mutants differed. Tephrosia vogelii, Phaseolus vulgaris cv. Yudou No. 1, and Vigna unguiculata cv. Sui Qing Dou Jiao formed pink effective nodules with NGR234 and NGR Omega nopL Omega y4lO. Nodules induced by NGR Omega y4lO were first pink but rapidly turned greenish (ineffective nodules), indicating premature senescence. An ultrastructural analysis of the nodules induced by NGR Omega y4lO revealed abnormal formation of enlarged infection droplets in ineffective nodules, whereas symbiosomes harboring a single bacteroid were frequently observed in effective nodules induced by NGR234 or NGR Omega nopL Omega y4lO. It is concluded that Y4lO is a symbiotic determinant involved in the differentiation of symbiosomes. Y4lO mitigated senescence-inducing effects caused by the T3 effector NopL, suggesting synergistic effects for Y4lO and NopL in nitrogen-fixing nodules.", "24294851": "To investigate the enhanced cytotoxicity against leukemia cells of natural Killer (NK) cells from cord blood (CB) after expansion in vitro.", "21116370": "Amputation of the penis is a rare condition reported from various parts of the world as isolated cases or small series of patients; the common etiology is self-mutilating sharp amputation or an avulsion or crush injury in an industrial accident. A complete reconstruction of all penile structures should be attempted in one stage which provides the best chance for full rehabilitation of the patient. We report here a single case of total amputation of the penis in an acute paranoid schizophrenic patient. The penis was successfully reattached using a microsurgical technique. After surgery, near-normal appearance and function including a good urine flow and absence of urethral stricture, capabilities of erection and near normal sensitivity were observed.", "24376788": "The majority of renal cell carcinomas (RCCs) are characterized by loss of function of the tumor suppressor gene von Hippel Lindau (VHL), which acts as ubiquitin ligase for hypoxia-inducible factor-1\u03b1 (HIF-1\u03b1). In the absence of VHL, HIF-1\u03b1 protein becomes stabilized and contributes to tumorigenesis. Recent data demonstrate the antitumor efficacy of VHL promoter in RCC cells. This study demonstrates that N-Myc downstream-regulated gene 2 (NDRG2) is a potential regulator of VHL. NDRG2 is involved in proliferation and invasion of cancer cell, furthermore it is frequently down-regulated in renal cell carcinoma. Herein we evaluated the effect of NDRG2 overexpression on proliferation and invasion in human renal cancer cells. The human renal cancer cell line 786-O and A498 were infected with Ad-NDRG2 or Ad-LacZ. Overexpression of NDRG2 not only inhibited the growth of the cells, but also suppressed the invasion. Further study showed that the tumor suppressor gene VHL were up-regulated, whereas transcription factor HIF-1a and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) were down-regulated in 786-O cells infected by Ad-NDRG2. Finally, in a nude mouse model, intratumoral injections of Ad-NDRG2 every 3 days for a total of seven times significantly inhibited the growth and angiogenesis of xenografted 786-O tumors. In conclusion, these data indicate that NDRG2 may be involved in proliferation and invasion by impacting the expression of VHL and HIF-1\u03b1. NDRG2 may be an attractive therapeutic target for renal cell carcinoma. ", "25974230": "Retinal fundus images are widely used in diagnosing and providing treatment for several eye diseases. Prior works using retinal fundus images detected the presence of exudation with the aid of publicly available dataset using extensive segmentation process. Though it was proved to be computationally efficient, it failed to create a diabetic retinopathy feature selection system for transparently diagnosing the disease state. Also the diagnosis of diseases did not employ machine learning methods to categorize candidate fundus images into true positive and true negative ratio. Several candidate fundus images did not include more detailed feature selection technique for diabetic retinopathy. To apply machine learning methods and classify the candidate fundus images on the basis of sliding window a method called, Diabetic Fundus Image Recuperation (DFIR) is designed in this paper. The initial phase of DFIR method select the feature of optic cup in digital retinal fundus images based on Sliding Window Approach. With this, the disease state for diabetic retinopathy is assessed. The feature selection in DFIR method uses collection of sliding windows to obtain the features based on the histogram value. The histogram based feature selection with the aid of Group Sparsity Non-overlapping function provides more detailed information of features. Using Support Vector Model in the second phase, the DFIR method based on Spiral Basis Function effectively ranks the diabetic retinopathy diseases. The ranking of disease level for each candidate set provides a much promising result for developing practically automated diabetic retinopathy diagnosis system. Experimental work on digital fundus images using the DFIR method performs research on the factors such as sensitivity, specificity rate, ranking efficiency and feature selection time. ", "11777511": "To evaluate the efficacy and safety of dexamethasone administered intravenously at three different doses (4 mg, 8 mg, 16 mg) for the prevention of nausea and vomiting after dilatation and curettage.", "27039209": "Mastitis is defined as the inflammation of the mammary gland. LPS, which is widely used to induce mastitis models for the study of this disease, triggers similar inflammation as Escherichia coli. Sophocarpine, isolated from Sophora alopecuroides L., exhibits multiple biological properties. The aim of the present study was to determine the anti-inflammatory effect and mechanism of action of sophocarpine on mastitis within an LPS-induced mouse model. ELISA and western blotting were performed to detect protein levels. The qPCR was performed to detect mRNA levels. The ELISA and qRT-PCR results showed that sophocarpine inhibited the expression of TNF-\u03b1, IL-1\u03b2 and IL-6 in a dose-dependent manner. However, sophocarpine suppressed TLR4 expression. Further study showed that sophocarpine could suppress the phosphorylation of I\u03baB\u03b1, p65 and p38. These results confirm that sophocarpine played an anti-inflammatory role in LPS-induced mastitis by regulating TLR4 and the NF-\u03baB and MAPK signaling pathways in mammary gland tissues. Therefore, sophocarpine may be a potential therapeutic drug for the treatment of mastitis.", "11777514": "To evaluate the efficacy and safety of propofol at subhypnotic doses for reducing emetic symptoms in parturients undergoing cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia.", "20370940": "The pathological mechanism of restenosis is primarily attributed to excessive proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMC). The preventive effects of ethanol extract of Dunaliella salina (EDS) on balloon injury-induced neointimal formation were investigated. To explore its molecular mechanism in regulating cell proliferation, we first showed that EDS markedly reduced the human aortic smooth muscle cell proliferation via the inhibition of 5'-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine (BrdU) incorporation at 40 and 80 microg/ml. This was further supported by the G0/G1-phase arrest using a flow cytometric analysis. In an in vivo study, EDS at 40 and 80 microg/ml was previously administered to the Sprague-Dawley rats and found that the thickness of neointima, and the ratio of neointima:media were also reduced. EDS inhibited VSMC proliferation in a dose-dependent manner following stimulation of VSMC cultures with 15 % fetal bovine serum (FBS). Suppressed by EDS were 15 % FBS-stimulated intracellular Raf, phosphorylated extracellular signal-regulated kinases (p-Erk) involved in cell-cycle arrest and proliferating cell nuclear antigen. Phosphorylated focal adhesion kinase (p-FAK) was also suppressed by EDS. Also active caspase-9, caspase-3 and cleaved poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) protein expression levels were increased by administration with EDS; the apoptotic pathway may play an important role in the regulatory effects of EDS on cell growth. These observations provide a mechanism of EDS in attenuating cell proliferation, thus as a potential intervention for restenosis.", "22525440": "Oxidative stress has been considered universally and undeniably implicated in the pathogenesis of all major diseases, including those of the cardiovascular system. Oxidative stress activate transcriptional messengers, such as nuclear factor-\u03baB, tangibly contributing to endothelial dysfunction, the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis, irreversible damage after ischemic reperfusion, and even arrhythmia, such as atrial fibrillation. Evidence is rapidly accumulating to support the role of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and reactive nitrogen species (RNS) as intracellular signaling molecules. Despite this connection between oxidative stress and cardiovascular disease (CVD), there are currently no recognized therapeutic interventions to address this important unmet need. Antioxidants that provide a broad, \"upstream\" approach via ROS/RNS quenching or free radical chain breaking seem an appropriate therapeutic option based on epidemiologic, dietary, and in vivo animal model data. Short-term dietary intervention trials suggest that diets rich in fruit and vegetable intake lead to improvements in coronary risk factors and reduce cardiovascular mortality. Carotenoids are such abundant, plant-derived, fat-soluble pigments that functions as antioxidants. They are stored in the liver or adipose tissue, and are lipid soluble by becoming incorporated into plasma lipoprotein particles during transport. For these reasons, carotenoids may represent one plausible mechanism by which fruits and vegetables reduce the risk of chronic diseases as cardiovascular disease (CVD). This review paper outlines the role of carotenoids in maintaining cardiac health and cardioprotection mediated by several mechanisms including redox signaling.", "19707398": "The etiology of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) has not yet been clarified and immunosuppressive agents which nonspecifically reduce inflammation and immunity have been used in the conventional therapies for IBD. Evidence indicates that a dysregulation of mucosal immunity in the gut of IBD causes an overproduction of inflammatory cytokines and trafficking of effector leukocytes into the bowel, thus leading to an uncontrolled intestinal inflammation. Under normal situations, the intestinal mucosa is in a state of \"controlled\" inflammation regulated by a delicate balance of proinflammatory (tumor necrosis factor [TNF-alpha], interferon-gamma [IFN-gamma], interleukin-1 [IL-1], IL-6, IL-12 and anti-inflammatory cytokines IL-4, IL-10, IL-11). The mucosal immune system is the central effector of intestinal inflammation and injury, with cytokines playing a central role in modulating inflammation. Cytokines may therefore be a logical target for inflammatory bowel disease therapy using specific cytokine inhibitors. Biotechnology agents targeted against TNF, leukocyte adhesion, Th1 polarization, T cell activation, nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB), and other miscellaneous therapies are being evaluated as potential therapies for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. In this context, infliximab and adalimumab are currently the only biologic agents approved in Europe for the treatment of inflammatory Crohn's disease. Other anti-TNF biologic agents have emerged, including CDP571, certolizumab pegol, etanercept, onercept. However, ongoing research continues to generate new biologic agents targeted at specific pathogenic mechanism involved in the inflammatory process. Lymphocyte-endothelial interactions mediated by adhesion molecules are important in leukocyte migration and recruitment to sites of inflammation, and selective blockade of these adhesion molecules is a novel and promising strategy to treat Crohn's disease. Therapeutics agents to inhibit leukocyte trafficking include natalizumab (approved for use in Crohn's disease in USA), MLN-02, and ISIS 2302. Other agents being investigated for the treatment of Crohn's disease include inhibitors of T cell activation, proinflammatory cytokine receptors, Th1 polarization, growth hormone, and growth factors. Agents being investigated for treatment of ulcerative colitis include many of those mentioned above. Controlled clinical trials are currently being conducted, exploring the safety and efficacy of old and new biologic agents, and the search certainly will open new and exciting perspective on the development of therapies for inflammatory bowel disease. A review is made of the main areas of research exploring the mechanisms associated with the pathogenesis of IBD, providing advances in the agents currently in use, and identifying a host of new therapeutic biologic targets.", "23541262": "Dysregulations of RNA A-to-I editing are associated with developmental defects in mouse and human diseases. Although several methods of identifying RNA A-to-I editing sites are currently available, most of the critical editing targets responsible for the important biological functions of adenosine deaminases that act on RNA (ADARs) remain unknown. Here we report a modified I-specific cleavage method that improves the quality of the RNA product. Preliminary microarray comparison of RNAs subjected to I-specific cleavage or mock digestion reported 165 genes that showed more than 0.2-fold reductions due to the cleavage. Six of the 165 genes were randomly selected for further verification, and three were verified to be targets of I-specific cleavage. This method may provide an alternative method of identifying novel RNA A-to-I editing sites using a microarray and facilitate the inquiry into the roles of RNA A-to-I editing in various biological processes.", "9685252": "It was recently demonstrated that peptide bond formation can occur using an Escherichia coli naked 23S ribosomal RNA without any of the ribosomal proteins. Here, the six domains of the 23S ribosomal RNA were individually synthesized and shown to be capable, when complexed together, of stimulating the reaction. Omission and addition experiments indicated that the activity could be reconstituted solely by domain V at a concentration 10 times higher than that of the intact 23S ribosomal RNA, whereas domain VI could enhance the activity in trans. These findings suggest that fragments of an RNA molecule have the ability to associate into a functional whole.", "11146789": "Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is associated with a relatively high incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting when no prophylactic antiemetic is given. This study assesses the efficacy and safety of oral granisetron hydrochloride for the prevention of nausea and vomiting after laparoscopic cholecystectomy.", "9492007": "We have examined the role of Fas and Bcl-2 in T cell survival and responses to antigen in vivo using T cells that express a transgenic antigen receptor specific for hen egg lysozyme (HEL) and that either lack functional Fas or Fas ligand (FasL) or overexpress Bcl-2 as a transgene. HEL-specific, Bcl-2-transgenic T cells showed prolonged responses to immunization with cognate peptide but were eliminated rapidly when exposed to HEL expressed systemically as a self antigen. In contrast, Fas- and FasL-defective T cells did not display exaggerated responses to immunization with HEL peptide, but did show increased expansion and survival in response to systemic self antigen and were able to activate anti-HEL (self) antibody-forming cells. Thus, Bcl-2 and Fas play different roles in the regulation of T cell responses to antigen in vivo and in self tolerance.", "18339371": "Effects of the opioid receptor antagonist naltrexone (0.1; 0.3; 1.0 mg/kg i.p.) on operant ethanol self-administration alone and in combination with the non-competitive NMDA antagonist memantine (0.5 and 1 mg/kg, i.p.) were studied in rats. Acute administration of naltrexone (0.1; 0.3; 1.0 mg/kg i.p.) inhibited ethanol self-administration in a dose-dependent manner. Memantine (1.0 mg/kg) significantly enhanced the effects of naltrexone at 0.1 mg/kg, failing per se to inhibit ethanol consumption. Thus, low, sub-effective dose of memantine in combination with low doses of naltrexone blocked the reinforcing properties of ethanol in rats. It is suggested that the combination of sub-effective doses of memantine and naltrexone may have therapeutic value in the treatment of alcoholism particularly in a subgroup of alcoholic patients who have high sensitivity to the adverse side effects of naltrexone.", "26474031": "High-density lipoprotein (HDL) consists of heterogeneous particles with a variety of structures and functions. Its role in atherosclerosis has been gradually recognized. Studies have shown dysfunction of small HDL in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). Monocytes play an important role in atherosclerosis, which can be divided into 3 subgroups based on the expression of surface markers CD14 and CD16. This study aimed to investigate the association between HDL and monocyte subsets in CAD patients.", "1979954": "We have validated an established animal model of acute inflammatory bowel disease in indomethacin-treated rats. Studies in both in vitro and in vivo 51chromium-labelled ethylenediamine tetra-acetate (51Cr-EDTA) permeability and tissue myeloperoxidase activity, a marker of inflammatory cell invasion, showed increased permeability and enzyme levels, respectively, in treated animals compared to controls (in vitro 51Cr-EDTA permeability: (mean (SE] control 0.10 (0.02) microliter/mg per tissue, experimental 0.17 (0.02) (p < 0.01, 2 way analysis of variance); in vivo 51Cr-EDTA permeability: control 3.9 (1.3) (% dose recovered), experimental 12.1 (1.5) (p < 0.01); tissue myeloperoxidase: control 10.8 (0.4) mU/mg, experimental 17.2 (0.5) p less than 0.01). Pretreatment or simultaneous treatment of indomethacin-treated animals with glucocorticoids, sulphasalazine, or tetracycline reduced the permeability changes and the tissue inflammatory response (in vitro 51Cr-EDTA permeability: (mean (SE] sulphasalazine + indomethacin 0.11 (0.2) microliter/mg tissue (p < 0.01), prednisolone +/- indomethacin 0.12 (0.02) (p < 0.01), tetracycline + indomethacin 0.12 (0.02) (p < 0.01]. Glucocorticoids and sulphasalazine, but not tetracycline, administered after the indomethacin also partially corrected the permeability and inflammatory changes induced by indomethacin (in vitro 51Cr-EDTA permeability: sulphasalazine 0.15 (0.02) microliter/mg, p < 0.02; prednisolone 0.12 (0.02) microliter/mg, p < 0.01). This approach was used to investigate the effects of two different thromboxane synthetase inhibitors in indomethacin-treated animals. Simultaneous treatment with thromboxane synthetase inhibitors and indomethacin prevented the 51Cr-EDTA permeability and tissue myeloperoxidase increases induced by indomethacin alone (in vitro 51Cr-EDTA permeability: thromboxane synthetase inhibitors + indomethacin 0.11 (0.01) microliter/mg (p0.01); tissue myeloperoxidase: 11 (0.4) mU/mg, (p < 0.01). Thromboxane synthetase inhibitors administered after the indomethacin also partially corrected the permeability and inflammatory changes induced by indomethacin (in vitro 51Cr-EDTA permeability: thromboxane synthetase inhibitors 0.12 (0.02) mU/mg (p < 0.01); tissue myeloperoxidase 13.8 (0.5) (p < 0.01). These studies indicate that thromboxane synthetase inhibitors partially correct the intestinal lesion non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug enteropathy and may therefore be of use in inflammatory bowel diseases in humans.", "20837949": "Recently, there have been reports of hepatitis B virus (HBV) reactivation after rituximab combination chemotherapy in hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) -negative patients with B-cell lymphoma. In this prospective study, the frequency of and risk factors for HBV reactivation in patients who were receiving rituximab chemotherapy were examined.", "27072064": "The current study evaluates the cytotoxic mechanism of a novel piperazine derivate designated as PCC against human liver cancer cells. In this context, human liver cancer cell lines, SNU-475 and 243, human monocyte/macrophage cell line, CRL-9855, and human B lymphocyte cell line, CCL-156, were used to determine the IC50 of PCC using the standard MTT assay. PCC displayed a strong suppressive effect on SNU-475 and SNU-423 cells with an IC50 value of 6.98 \u00b1 0.11 \u03bcg/ml and 7.76 \u00b1 0.45 \u03bcg/ml respectively, after 24 h of treatment. Significant dipping in the mitochondrial membrane potential and elevation in the released of cytochrome c from the mitochondria indicated the induction of the intrinsic apoptosis pathway by PCC. Activation of this pathway was further evidenced by significant activation of caspase 3/7 and 9. PCC was also shown to activate the extrinsic pathways of apoptosis via activation of caspase-8 which is linked to the suppression of NF-\u0199B translocation to the nucleus. Cell cycle arrest in the G1 phase was confirmed by flow cytometry and up-regulation of glutathione reductase expression was quantified by qPCR. This study suggests that PCC is a simultaneous inducer of intrinsic and extrinsic pathways of apoptosis in liver cancer cell lines.", "17086017": "Previous studies have shown that peptides derived from milk proteins can improve blood pressure. Therefore, the authors tested the blood pressure-lowering effects of a hydrolyzed whey protein supplement rich in bioactive peptides. In a 6-week controlled study, 30 prehypertensive or stage 1 hypertensive subjects (blood pressure >or=120/80 mm Hg and <or=155/95 mm Hg) were randomized to receive 20 g/d of either a hydrolyzed whey protein (active treatment) or an unmodified whey protein (control treatment). Blood pressure, blood lipids, safety measures, side effects, and diet were evaluated throughout the trial. After completion of treatment, a 4-week follow-up was conducted. There was a mean reduction of 8.0+/-3.2 mm Hg in systolic blood pressure (P<.05) and of 5.5+/-2.1 mm Hg in diastolic blood pressure (P<.05) in the treatment group compared with the control group. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were significantly improved by treatment. Whey-derived peptides might be a viable treatment option for prehypertensive and/or stage 1 hypertensive populations.", "25851468": "The purpose of the present study was to examine the extent of thermal injury in the brain after the use of a minimally invasive electrosurgical device with a nanostructured copper-doped diamond-like carbon (DLC-Cu) surface coating. To effectively utilize an electrosurgical device in clinical surgery, it is important to decrease the thermal injury to the adjacent tissues. The surface characteristics and morphology of DLC-Cu thin film was evaluated using a contact angle goniometer, scanning electron microscopy, and atomic force microscopy. Three-dimensional biomedical brain models were reconstructed using magnetic resonance images to simulate the electrosurgical procedure. Results indicated that the temperature was reduced significantly when a minimally invasive electrosurgical device with a DLC-Cu thin film coating (DLC-Cu-SS) was used. Temperatures decreased with the use of devices with increasing film thickness. Thermographic data revealed that surgical temperatures in an animal model were significantly lower with the DLC-Cu-SS electrosurgical device compared to an untreated device. Furthermore, the DLC-Cu-SS device created a relatively small region of injury and lateral thermal range. As described above, the biomedical nanostructured film reduced excessive thermal injury with the use of a minimally invasive electrosurgical device in the brain. ", "20510289": "One of the most effective treatments of patients with morbid obesity is laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB). Sudden weight loss after RYGB for morbid obesity can result in a concurrent decrease in the lean body mass. However, the long-term results (weight reduction and reduced co-morbidities) depend on the postoperative long-term therapy. Aerobic physical exercise (APE) has been considered conservative treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The aim of the present study was to assess the efficacy of APE on weight loss, body composition, and co-morbidities in patients after laparoscopic RYGB. The study was performed at a university hospital in Germany.", "16873043": "The health system chief nursing executive (CNE) is responsible for providing high-quality, service-oriented nursing care; delivering such care with disciplined cost management; leading and developing a group of nursing executives and managers at the facility level to establish nursing professional development programs and to build and maintain an effective supply of nurses; and advocating nurses and patients. This article provides insight into the strategies and priorities of large health system CNEs in balancing their obligations to their health systems, to patients and their families, and to the nurses they lead. It is hoped that these insights will provide perspectives that will support the ability of nursing educators to meet their own obligations to their schools of nursing, the faculty and students they represent, and to the profession. These insights will also set a context for further dialogue between two very important groups of nursing leaders-nursing executives and nursing educators.", "8885844": "MRP is a recently described ATP-binding cassette transporter that confers cellular resistance to natural product cytotoxic drugs. To examine the biochemical activity and cellular physiology of this transporter, we isolated the murine MRP homologue and analyzed its in vitro substrate specificity. Murine MRP transcript is widely expressed in tissues and encodes a protein of 1528 amino acids that is 88% identical to its human homologue. Hydropathy analysis indicated that murine and human MRP, the yeast cadmium resistance transporter and the sulfonylurea receptor share a conserved topology distinguished from P-glycoprotein and the cystic fibrosis conductance regulator by an N-terminal hydrophobic region that contains several potential transmembrane domains. Drug uptake assays performed with membrane vesicles prepared from NIH3T3 cells transfected with a murine MRP expression vector revealed ATP-dependent transport for the natural product cytotoxic drugs daunorubicin and vincristine, as well as for the glutathione S-conjugates leukotriene C4 and azidophenacyl-S-glutathione. Drug transport was osmotically sensitive and saturable with regard to drug and ATP concentrations, with K(m) values of 19 microM, 19 microM, 26 nM, 17 microM, and 77 microM for daunorubicin, vincristine, leukotriene C4, APA-SG, and ATP, respectively. Consistent with broad substrate specificity, the drug glutathione conjugate APA-SG, oxidized glutathione, the LTD4 antagonist MK571, arsenate, and genistein were competitive inhibitors of daunorubicin transport, with Ki values of 32 microM, 25 microM, 1.9 microM, 108 microM, and 23 microM, respectively. This study demonstrates that the substrate specificity of murine MRP is quite broad and includes both the neutral or mildly cationic natural product cytotoxic drugs and the anionic products of glutathione conjugation. The widespread expression pattern of murine MRP in tissues, combined with its ability to transport both lipophilic xenobiotics and the products of phase II detoxification, indicates that it represents a widespread and versatile cellular defense mechanism.", "18224727": "Proton pump inhibitors have been used for treatment of acid-related gastroesophageal diseases and they act as potent inhibitors of gastric acid pump, H(+)/K(+)-ATPase. Since cancer cells in vivo often exist in an ischemic microenvironment with a lower pH, maintenance of cellular pH is important for cell survival. In this study, we evaluated whether blocking of proton extrusion with proton pump inhibitors could inhibit the viability of gastric cancer cells. Treatment of human gastric cancer cells with proton pump inhibitors significantly attenuated cell viability in a time- and dose-dependent manner. The pro-apoptotic activity of proton pump inhibitors was mediated by release of cytochrome c and caspases activation. Gastric cancer cells showed the resistance to acidity of culture medium, which was related with a remarkable increase of extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) phosphorylation in the acidic condition. This ERK1/2 phosphorylation was completely inhibited by pretreatment with proton pump inhibitors, suggesting that its inhibitory action on phosphorylation of ERK1/2 might contribute to the induction of apoptosis in gastric cancer cells. In conclusion, our results suggest novel therapeutic approaches for gastric cancer with proton pump inhibitors.", "2037350": "One rabbit pathogenic Escherichia coli strain, belonging to serogroup O103, harbors a self-transferable 117-kb plasmid (pREC-1) encoding resistance to several antibiotics. The role of this R plasmid in the colonization of the digestive tract in specific-pathogen-free (E. coli O103-free) rabbits was studied. Five-week-old rabbits were inoculated with the wild-type strain, with its variant cured of the plasmid, with an E. coli K-12 strain, or with an untypeable E. coli strain from a healthy rabbit. No symptoms and no mortality were observed in animals inoculated with strains without the plasmid pREC-1, but 87.5% of the rabbits infected by the wild strain died, generally with bloody diarrhea, between days 5 and 15 postinfection. The weight gain of animals was strongly reduced. Transfer of the plasmid to the cured strain or to nonvirulent strains led these strains to induce the same pathology but with a lower mortality. Colonization of the gut by the O103 strain and symptoms of bloody diarrhea are thus related to the presence of the pREC-1 plasmid. The GV strain, which does not produce classical heat-labile enterotoxin or heat-stable enterotoxin and is not invasive, could be considered an enteropathogenic E. coli-like strain. The presence of a conjugative plasmid such as pREC-1 encoding both antibiotic resistance and virulence determinants in O103 E. coli from rabbits could represent a prominent epidemiological hazard under selective pressure by antibiotic therapy.", "24098407": "m-Tyrosine is an amino acid analogue, exuded from the roots of fescue grasses, which acts as a potent allelopathic and a broad spectrum herbicidal chemical. Although the production and toxic effects of m-tyrosine are known, its microbial degradation has not been documented yet. A soil microcosm study showed efficient degradation of m-tyrosine by the inhabitant microorganisms. A bacterial strain designated SSC5, that was able to utilize m-tyrosine as the sole source of carbon, nitrogen, and energy, was isolated from the soil microcosm and was characterized as Bacillus aquimaris. Analytical methods such as HPLC, GC-MS, and (1)H-NMR performed on the resting cell samples identified the formation of 3-hydroxyphenylpyruvate (3-OH-PPA), 3-hydroxyphenylacetate (3-OH-PhAc), and homogentisate (HMG) as major intermediates in the m-tyrosine degradation pathway. Enzymatic assays carried out on cell-free lysates of m-tyrosine-induced cells confirmed transamination reaction as the first step of m-tyrosine degradation. The intermediate 3-OH-PhAc thus obtained was further funneled into the HMG central pathway as revealed by a hydroxylase enzyme assay. Subsequent degradation of HMG occurred by ring cleavage catalyzed by the enzyme homogentisate 1, 2-dioxygenase. This study has significant implications in terms of understanding the environmental fate of m-tyrosine as well as regulation of its phytotoxic effect by soil microorganisms. ", "9328234": "The mdx mouse is an animal model for human Duchenne muscular dystrophy. The lack of dystrophin in mdx mice is caused by an ochre mutation in exon 23 of the dystrophin gene. This study tested the feasibility of inhibiting translational termination as an approach for genetic therapy for diseases caused by nonsense mutations. We evaluated both the in vitro and in vivo efficiencies of readthrough of ochre codons in 2 genes with the tRNA suppressor gene. The first target was a CAT reporter gene bearing an ochre mutation at the 5' end (CATochre). The second target was the dystrophin gene in mdx mice. The readthrough efficiencies were about 20% in COS cells and 5.5% in rat hearts. At four weeks after a direct injection of plasmid DNA encoding the tRNA suppressor into mdx mice, dystrophin positive fibers were detected by sarcolemmal immunostaining. This is the first convincing data that a tRNA suppressor gene might be a useful in vivo treatment for the genetic disorders caused by nonsense mutations.", "15365748": "This report reviews the clinical appearance of degenerative diseases of the peripheral retina in relationship to the risk of developing a rhegmatogenous retinal detachment. We present recommendations for preventive treatment in eyes at increased risk of developing retinal detachment. Retinal degenerations are common lesions involving the peripheral retina but most of them are clinically insignificant. Lattice degeneration, degenerative retinoschisis, cystic retinal tufts, and very rarely zonular traction tufts can result in rhegmatogenous retinal detachment. Therefore, these lesions have been considered for prophylactic treatment; however, adequate studies have not been performed to date. Most of the peripheral retinal degenerations may not require treatment except in rare, high-risk situations. According to current knowledge there is no higher incidence of secondary pucker or other side effects after laser coagulation. Therefore, generous laser indication is recommended if risk factors apply.", "20002437": "There is limited knowledge about the exact role of the pelvic floor in male sexual functioning. Pelvic floor muscle function might be involved in the enhancement of blood flow to the penis, and evidence suggests an active role for the ischio- and bulbocavernous muscles and other pelvic floor muscles in the initiation and maintenance of erection. Increased activity of pelvic floor muscles might also be preparatory to ejaculation. Studies have shown positive results after physical therapy for erectile dysfunction, premature ejaculation and chronic pelvic pain syndrome. However, the methodological quality of some of these studies is poor and further research validating specific physical therapies in the assessment and treatment of male sexual function is necessary. In this respect physical therapists have a potential role as integral members of healthcare teams involved in the improvement of male sexual health.", "12490382": "The objective of this study is to investigate the efficiency of a non-viral gene carrier with RGD sequences, Pronectin F(+) for gene transfection. The Pronectin F(+) was cationized by introducing ethylenediamine (Ed), spermidine (Sd), and spermine (Sm) to the hydroxyl groups while the corresponding gelatin derivative was prepared similarly because gelatin also has one RGD sequence per molecule. The zeta potential and molecular size of Pronectin F(+) and gelatin derivatives were examined before and after polyion complexation with a plasmid DNA of luciferase. When complexed with the plasmid DNA at the Pronectin F(+)/plasmid DNA mixing ratio of 50, the complex exhibited a zeta potential of about 10 mV, which is similar to that of the gelatin derivative-plasmid DNA complex. Irrespective of the type of Pronectin F(+) and gelatin derivatives, their complexation enabled the apparent molecular size of plasmid DNA to reduce to about 200 nm, the size decreasing with the increased derivative/plasmid DNA weight mixing ratio. The rat gastric mucosal (RGM)-1 cells treated with both complexes exhibited significantly stronger luciferase activities than free plasmid DNA although the enhanced extent was significant for the Sm derivative compared with the corresponding Ed and Sd derivatives. Cell attachment was enhanced by the Pronectin F(+) derivative to a significant high extent compared with the gelatin derivative. The amount of plasmid DNA internalized into the cells was enhanced by the complexation with every Pronectin F(+) derivative compared with the gelatin derivative. For both of Pronectin F(+) and gelatin carriers, the buffering capacity of Sm derivatives was higher than that of Ed and Sd derivatives and comparable to that of polyethyleneimine. It is likely that the high efficiency of gene transfection for the Sm derivative is due to the superior buffering effect. We conclude that the Sm derivative of Pronectin F(+) is promising as a non-viral vector of gene transfection.", "20149903": "In the present study the potential of carboplatin-loaded chitosan-alginate nanoparticles (CANPs) for the treatment of retinoblastoma was investigated. The carboplatin-loaded CANPs were approximately 300 nm in size, exhibited a high zeta potential of approximately 36 mV and drug encapsulation of approximately 20 wt.%. The CANPs were further characterized by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy, differential scanning calorimetry and transmission electron microscopy. In vitro release studies revealed fast release of approximately 25% of the drug during the first 24h, followed by sustained release. CANPs demonstrated greater and sustained antiproliferative activity of the drug in a dose- and time-dependent manner (carboplatin IC(50)=0.56 microg ml(-1), carboplatin-loaded CANPs IC(50)=0.004 microg ml(-1)), as well as an enhanced apoptotic effect as compared with the drug in solution in a retinoblastoma cell line (Y79). The higher cytotoxic effect of CANPs may be due to their greater cellular uptake as compared with native carboplatin. It was also demonstrated that clathrin-mediated endocytosis plays a key role in the internalization of CANPs in the Y79 cell line. In conclusion, biodegradable chitosan nanoparticles could be used as an effective ocular drug delivery system for sustained intracellular delivery of carboplatin for the treatment of retinoblastoma.", "27121303": "The cancer stem cell (CSC) theory suggests that cancer growth and invasion is dictated by the small population of CSCs within the heterogenous tumor. The aim of the present study was to elucidate the cause for chemotherapy failure and the resistance of CSCs to apoptosis. A total of ~2.3% cluster of differentiation (CD)133+ cancer stem\u2011like side population (SP) cells were identified in cases of uterine cervical cancer. These CD133+ SP cells were found to potently initiate tumor growth and invasion, as they exhibit transcriptional upregulation of stemness genes, including octamer\u2011binding transcription factor\u20114, B\u2011cell\u2011specific Moloney murine leukemia virus insertion site\u20111, epithelial cell adhesion molecule, (sex determining region Y)\u2011box\u00a02, Nestin and anti\u2011apoptotic B cell lymphoma\u20112. In addition, the CD133+ SP cells showed resistance to multi\u2011drug treatment and apoptosis. The present study further showed that the secretion of interleukin\u20114 (IL\u20114) in CD133+ cervical cancer SP cells promoted cell proliferation and prevented the SP cells from apoptosis. Following the neutralization of IL\u20114 with anti\u2011IL\u20114 antibody, the CD133+ SP cells were more sensitive to drug treatment and apoptosis. Therefore, the data obtained in the present study suggested that the autocrine secretion of IL\u20114 promotes increased survival and resistance to cell death in CSCs.", "15759001": "Most plant species are resistant to most potential pathogens. It is not known why most plant-microbe interactions do not lead to disease, although recent work indicates that this basic disease resistance is multi-factorial. Here we show that the exudation of root-derived antimicrobial metabolites by Arabidopsis thaliana confers tissue-specific resistance to a wide range of bacterial pathogens. However, a Pseudomonas syringae strain that is both at least partly resistant to these compounds and capable of blocking their synthesis/exudation is able to infect the roots and cause disease. We also show that the ability of this P. syringae strain to block antimicrobial exudation is dependent on the type III secretory system.", "20035226": "The use of sevoflurane in paediatric anaesthesia which could enable rapid recovery is complicated by the frequent occurrence of emergence agitation. The aim of this study was to test the efficacy of supplementing midazolam-based oral premedication with low-dose oral ketamine in reducing sevoflurane-related emergence agitation.", "19863197": "A strategy combined the oral delivery route and bovine papillomavirus (BPV) pseudovirus (PsV)-based human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) DNA vaccine, which has been proven to enhance the mucosal immunization compared with the systemic immunization and in general does not induce effective mucosal immune responses. In this study, the immune responses against the BPV expressing HIV gp41 epitopes (ELDKWA, NWFDIT) after oral administration in Cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) were assessed, and the biodistribution of plasmid DNA encapsulated in the papillomavirus-like particles (VLPs) were evaluated in murine models. Results showed that oral immunization with the HIV-PsV DNA vaccine in monkey generated p24 and gp41 epitopes-specific serum IgG. Importantly, these induced antibodies had been shown to neutralize HIV-1 primary strain. In addition, the advantage of VLPs as vehicles delivering genes had been first revealed in biodistribution results. Therefore, orally administered HIV-PsV DNA vaccine was well-tolerated, enhanced the mucosa targeting property of the plasmid DNA, and reduced the nontargeting distribution, which indicate that it would reduce stress associated with systemic vaccination.", "20584094": "Whilst the periodontal ligament (PDL) acts as an attachment tissue between bone and tooth, hypotheses regarding the role of the PDL as a hydrodynamic damping mechanism during intraoral food processing have highlighted its potential importance in finite element (FE) analysis. Although experimental and constitutive models have correlated the mechanical function of the PDL tissue with its anisotropic, heterogeneous, viscoelastic and non-linear elastic nature, in many FE simulations the PDL is either present or absent, and when present is variably modelled. In addition, the small space the PDL occupies and the inability to visualize the PDL tissue using \u03bcCT scans poses issues during FE model construction and so protocols for the PDL thickness also vary. In this paper we initially test and validate the sensitivity of an FE model of a macaque mandible to variations in the Young's modulus and the thickness of the PDL tissue. We then tested the validity of the FE models by carrying out experimental strain measurements on the same mandible in the laboratory using laser speckle interferometry. These strain measurements matched the FE predictions very closely, providing confidence that material properties and PDL thickness were suitably defined. The FE strain results across the mandible are generally insensitive to the absence and variably modelled PDL tissue. Differences are only found in the alveolar region adjacent to the socket of the loaded tooth. The results indicate that the effect of the PDL on strain distribution and/or absorption is restricted locally to the alveolar bone surrounding the teeth and does not affect other regions of the mandible.", "24082079": "Bacteria can naturally secrete outer membrane vesicles (OMVs) as pathogenic factors, while these vesicles may also serve as immunologic regulators if appropriately prepared. However, it is largely unknown whether Pseudomonas aeruginosa OMVs can activate inflammatory responses and whether immunization with OMVs can provide immune protection against subsequent infection. We purified and identified OMVs, which were then used to infect lung epithelial cells in vitro as well as C57BL/6J mice to investigate the immune response and the underlying signaling pathway. The results showed that OMVs generated from P. aeruginosa wild-type strain PAO1 were more cytotoxic to alveolar epithelial cells than those from quorum-sensing (QS)-deficient strain PAO1-\u0394lasR. The levels of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) and proinflammatory cytokines, including interleukin-1\u03b2 (IL-1\u03b2) and IL-6, increased following OMV infection. Compared with lipopolysaccharide (LPS), lysed OMVs in which the membrane structures were broken induced a weak immune response. Furthermore, expression levels of TLR4-mediated responders (i.e., cytokines) were markedly downregulated by the TLR4 inhibitor E5564. Active immunization with OMVs or passive transfer of sera with a high cytokine quantity acquired from OMV-immunized mice could protect healthy mice against subsequent lethal PAO1 challenges (1.5 \u00d7 10(11) CFU). Collectively, these findings indicate that naturally secreted P. aeruginosa OMVs may trigger significant inflammatory responses via the TLR4 signaling pathway and protect mice against pseudomonal lung infection. ", "20018848": "The role of azadirachtin, an active component of a medicinal plant Neem (Azadirachta indica), on TNF-induced cell signaling in human cell lines was investigated. Azadirachtin blocks TNF-induced activation of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB) and also expression of NF-kappaB-dependent genes such as adhesion molecules and cyclooxygenase 2. Azadirachtin inhibits the inhibitory subunit of NF-kappaB (IkappaB alpha) phosphorylation and thereby its degradation and RelA (p65) nuclear translocation. It blocks IkappaB alpha kinase (IKK) activity ex vivo, but not in vitro. Surprisingly, azadirachtin blocks NF-kappaB DNA binding activity in transfected cells with TNF receptor-associated factor (TRAF)2, TNF receptor-associated death domain (TRADD), IKK, or p65, but not with TNFR, suggesting its effect is at the TNFR level. Azadirachtin blocks binding of TNF, but not IL-1, IL-4, IL-8, or TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) with its respective receptors. Anti-TNFR antibody or TNF protects azadirachtin-mediated down-regulation of TNFRs. Further, in silico data suggest that azadirachtin strongly binds in the TNF binding site of TNFR. Overall, our data suggest that azadirachtin modulates cell surface TNFRs thereby decreasing TNF-induced biological responses. Thus, azadirachtin exerts an anti-inflammatory response by a novel pathway, which may be beneficial for anti-inflammatory therapy.", "21804710": "To compare the efficacy and safety of intrathecal sufentanil or fentanyl as adjuvants to hyperbaric bupivacaine in patients undergoing major orthopaedic lower limb surgeries in terms of onset and duration of sensory block, motor block and post-operative pain relief. PATIENTS #ENTITYSTARTX00026;", "26287729": "There has been considerable international study on the etiology of rising mental disorders, such as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), in human populations. As glyphosate is the most commonly used herbicide in the world, we sought to test the hypothesis that glyphosate use in agriculture may be a contributing environmental factor to the rise of ADHD in human populations. State estimates for glyphosate use and nitrogen fertilizer use were obtained from the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS). We queried the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project net (HCUPNET) for state-level hospitalization discharge data in all patients for all-listed ADHD from 2007 to 2010. We used rural-urban continuum codes from the USDA-Economic Research Service when exploring the effect of urbanization on the relationship between herbicide use and ADHD. Least squares dummy variable (LSDV) method and within method using two-way fixed effects was used to elucidate the relationship between glyphosate use and all-listed ADHD hospital discharges. We show that a one kilogram increase in glyphosate use, in particular, in one year significantly positively predicts state-level all-listed ADHD discharges, expressed as a percent of total mental disorders, the following year (coefficient = 5.54E-08, p<.01). A study on the effect of urbanization on the relationship between glyphosate and ADHD indicates that the relationship is marginally significantly positive after multiple comparison correction only in urban U.S. counties (p<.025). Furthermore, total glyphosate use is strongly positively associated with total farm use of nitrogen fertilizers from 1992 to 2006 (p<.001). We present evidence from the biomedical research literature of a plausible link among glyphosate, nitrogen dysbiosis and ADHD. Glyphosate use is a significant predictor of state hospitalizations for all-listed ADHD hospital discharges, with the effect concentrated in urban U.S. counties. This effect is seen even after controlling for individual state characteristics, strong correlations over time, and other significant associations with ADHD in the literature. We draw upon the econometric results to propose unique mechanisms, borrowing principles from soil and atmospheric sciences, for how glyphosate-based herbicides may be contributing to the rise of ADHD in all populations. ", "21493417": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting are distressing and frequent adverse events of anesthesia and surgery, with a high incidence following thyroidectomy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of low-dose midazolam for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting in patients undergoing thyroidectomy.", "22189744": "Recent original scientific contributions published in selected Brazilian periodicals and classifiable under cardiovascular and pulmonary subject categories cover a wide range of sub specialties, both clinical and experimental. Because they appear in journals with only recently enhanced visibility, we have decided to highlight a number of specific items appeared in four Brazilian journals, because we understand that this is an important subsidy to keep our readership adequately informed. These papers cover extensive sub-areas in both fields.", "25179837": "The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship of the PARP-1 Val762Ala (rs1136410 T>C) polymorphism and the risk of lung cancer. A population-based case-control study of 373 lung cancer patients and 360 healthy control subjects (individually matched on age and gender) in a Chinese population was conducted. Genomic DNA was extracted by the phenol-chloroform method from the peripheral blood. PARP-1 Val762Ala polymorphism was identified using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragments length polymorphism technique. After adjusting for age, tobacco smoking, gender, smoking index, and drinking status, logistic regression analysis demonstrated that CC genotype in PARP-1 Val762Ala polymorphism had an increased risk of lung cancer compared with TT genotype (OR\u2009=\u20091.59, 95\u00a0% CI\u2009=\u20091.03\u2009~\u20092.50, P\u2009=\u20090.048), a statistically difference that still existed when merging CC and TC genotypes (OR\u2009=\u20091.56, 95\u00a0% CI\u2009=\u20091.03\u2009~\u20092.44, P\u2009=\u20090.042). However, no obvious difference was found between TT and TC (OR\u2009=\u20091.54, 95\u00a0% CI\u2009=\u20090.96\u2009~\u20092.44, P\u2009=\u20090.073). Subgroup analysis by histological type indicated that adenocarcinoma patients had higher frequencies of CC or TC+CC genotypes than healthy controls (CC: OR\u2009=\u20091.85, 95\u00a0% CI\u2009=\u20091.12\u2009~\u20093.03, P\u2009=\u20090.015; TC+CC: OR\u2009=\u20091.67, 95\u00a0% CI\u2009=\u20091.06\u2009~\u20092.63, P\u2009=\u20090.027, respectively), but no statistically significant difference within each genotype in squamous cell carcinoma or small cell lung cancer (all P\u2009>\u20090.05). Our findings support the view that PARP-1 Val762Ala polymorphism may contribute to an increased risk of lung cancer in the Chinese population, especially for adenocarcinoma. ", "28595908": "-/- mice fed with high fat diet, accompanied by the upregulation of AT1-R and lectin-like oxidized low-density protein receptor 1 (LOX-1). Ox-LDL treatment with neonatal rat cardiomyocyte for 24\u00a0h significantly induced similar hypertrophic responses and also upregulation of AT1-R and LOX-1. The analysis of co-immunoprecipitation and the bimolecular fluorescence complementation assay proved that LOX-1 and AT1-R could directly bind together in the presence of ox-LDL, suggesting a critical role of the association between LOX-1 and AT1-R in ox-LDL-induced cardiac hypertrophy. Furthermore, we found that the AT1-R blocker Losartan and LOX-1 neutralizing antibody through inhibiting AT1-R or LOX-1 could both decline ox-LDL-induced hypertrophic responses whereas angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor Enalapril only partially inhibited the responses stimulated by ox-LDL. These findings suggested that ox-LDL could induce cardiac hypertrophy through the direct association of AT1-R and LOX-1.", "24319696": "By specific knockout of carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1b (CPT1b) in skeletal muscles, we explored the effect of CPT1b deficiency on lipids and insulin sensitivity.", "24245978": "Although low-fluence 1,064-nm Q-switched Nd:YAG laser (QSNYL) is widely used for the treatment of melasma, multiple treatments are necessary for clinical improvement. Superficial chemical peeling using Jessner's solution has been used for treatment of melasma conventionally.", "10966782": "Dengue viruses are members of the Flaviviridae and cause dengue fever and the more severe dengue hemorrhagic fever. Although nearly 40 % of the world's population is at risk of dengue infection, there is currently no effective vaccine or chemotherapy for the disease. Processing of the dengue polyprotein into structural and non-structural proteins in a host, which is essential for assembly of infective virions, is carried out by the combined action of host proteases and the trypsin-like, two-component viral NS2B/NS3 serine protease. Although NS2B strongly stimulates the catalytic NS3 protease domain, the latter is fully active against small substrates and possesses detectable activity against larger substrates, making both forms of the enzyme possible targets for drug design. In the crystal structure of a complex of the protease with a Bowman-Birk inhibitor reported here, an Arg residue at the P1 position of the inhibitor is bound in a manner distinctly different from that in other serine proteases of comparable specificity. However, because the regulatory component, NS2B, is not present in the complex, the physiological implications of this observations are currently unclear. The redundant nature of interaction of P1 Arg and Lys residues with Asp129, Tyr150 and Ser163 of the enzyme provides an explanation for the observed behavior of several site-specific mutants of Asp129 in the protease. The strong level of conservation of residues in the protease that interact with the P1 Arg, along with conservation of Arg at P1 of most cleavage sites in other flaviviruses, suggests that observations from this structure are likely to be applicable to many flaviviruses. The structure provides a starting point for design of site-specific mutations to probe the mechanism of catalysis by the catalytic domain, its activation by the regulatory domain and for design of specific inhibitors of enzymatic activity.", "10409727": "The estrogen receptor (ER) regulates the expression of target genes in a ligand-dependent manner. The ligand-dependent activation function AF-2 of the ER is located in the ligand binding domain (LBD), while the N-terminal A/B domain (AF-1) functions in a ligand-independent manner when isolated from the LBD. AF-1 and AF-2 exhibit cell type and promoter context specificity. Furthermore, the AF-1 activity of the human ERalpha (hERalpha) is enhanced through phosphorylation of the Ser(118) residue by mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK). From MCF-7 cells, we purified and cloned a 68-kDa protein (p68) which interacted with the A/B domain but not with the LBD of hERalpha. Phosphorylation of hERalpha Ser(118) potentiated the interaction with p68. We demonstrate that p68 enhanced the activity of AF-1 but not AF-2 and the estrogen-induced as well as the anti-estrogen-induced transcriptional activity of the full-length ERalpha in a cell-type-specific manner. However, it did not potentiate AF-1 or AF-2 of ERbeta, androgen receptor, retinoic acid receptor alpha, or mineralocorticoid receptor. We also show that the RNA helicase activity previously ascribed to p68 is dispensable for the ERalpha AF-1 coactivator activity and that p68 binds to CBP in vitro. Furthermore, the interaction region for p68 in the ERalpha A/B domain was essential for the full activity of hERalpha AF-1. Taken together, these findings show that p68 acts as a coactivator specific for the ERalpha AF-1 and strongly suggest that the interaction between p68 and the hERalpha A/B domain is regulated by MAPK-induced phosphorylation of Ser(118).", "2553601": "Immuno-electron microscopic localization of sodium channels within astrocyte somata and processes of adult rat optic nerve was demonstrated with polyclonal antibody 7493. In immunoblots of crude glycoproteins from adult rat optic nerve, antisera 7493, which is directed against purified rat brain sodium channels, recognizes a 260 kDa protein. Antisera 7493 intensely immunostains axon membrane at nodes of Ranvier. Associated perinodal astrocyte processes are also stained with antisera 7493. In addition, astrocyte cell bodies and major processes exhibit immunoreactivity with antibody 7493. Immunostaining with antisera 7493 is heterogeneously distributed within astrocyte cytoplasm and also appears to be associated with some regions of astrocyte plasmalemma. Glial filaments are not immunostained with 7493 antisera. Astrocyte processes forming the glial limitans and surrounding blood vessels display reduced immunoreactivity to 7493 compared to longitudinally oriented or perinodal astrocyte processes. However, some focal regions of the glial limitans exhibit robust 7493 immunostaining. Oligodendrocytes do not display 7493 antisera immunoreactivity. Optic nerve sections incubated with preimmune sera or with 7493 antisera that had been previously adsorbed with purified sodium channel protein, exhibited no immunoreactivity. These results demonstrate localization of sodium channels within astrocytes in situ of rat optic nerve and extend previous electrophysiological and pharmacological findings of sodium channels in cultured astrocytes. Possible functional roles of sodium channels within astrocytes are discussed.", "22509318": "The limited specificity of nanoparticle (NP) uptake by target cells associated with a disease is one of the principal challenges of nanomedicine. Using the threshold mechanism of plasmonic nanobubble (PNB) generation and enhanced accumulation and clustering of gold nanoparticles in target cells, we increased the specificity of PNB generation and detection in target versus non-target cells by more than one order of magnitude compared to the specificity of NP uptake by the same cells. This improved cellular specificity of PNBs was demonstrated in six different cell models representing diverse molecular targets such as epidermal growth factor receptor, CD3 receptor, prostate specific membrane antigen and mucin molecule MUC1. Thus PNBs may be a universal method and nano-agent that overcome the problem of non-specific uptake of NPs by non-target cells and improve the specificity of NP-based diagnostics, therapeutics and theranostics at the cell level.", "23492364": "Genetic heterogeneity and signaling alterations diminish the effectiveness of single-agent therapies in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). HSP90 is a molecular chaperone for several signaling proteins that are deregulated in glioma cells. Thus, HSP90 inhibition may offer an approach to coordinately correct multiple signaling pathways as a strategy for GBM therapy. In this study, we evaluated the effects of a novel HSP90 inhibitor, NVP-HSP990, in glioma tumor-initiating cell (GIC) populations, which are strongly implicated in the root pathobiology of GBM. In GIC cultures, NVP-HSP990 elicited a dose-dependent growth inhibition with IC50 values in the low nanomolar range. Two GIC subgroups with different responses were observed with an Olig2-expressing subset relatively more sensitive to treatment. We also showed that Olig2 is a functional marker associated with cell proliferation and response to NVP-HSP990, as NVP-HSP990 attenuated cell proliferation in Olig2-high GIC lines. In addition, NVP-HSP990 disrupted cell-cycle control mechanism by decreasing CDK2 and CDK4 and elevating apoptosis-related molecules. Mechanistic investigations revealed molecular interactions between CDK2/CDK4 and Olig2. Inhibition of CDK2/CDK4 activity disrupted Olig2-CDK2/CDK4 interactions and attenuated Olig2 protein stability. In vivo evaluation showed a relative prolongation of median survival in an intracranial model of GIC growth. Our results suggest that GBM characterized by high-expressing Olig2 GIC may exhibit greater sensitivity to NVP-HSP990 treatment, establishing a foundation for further investigation of the role of HSP90 signaling in GBM.", "11433760": "Patients with parietal lesions may fail to adjust the orientation of their hand to that of a target object, or may make errors in judging the orientation of a bar. This suggests that the parietal cortex has a function in the discrimination of the orientation of objects. In this study we investigated the responses of axis-orientation-selective neurons in caudal intraparietal (CIP) area to stereoscopic stimuli. Among the characteristics we investigated responses to the length and thickness of objects, sensitivity to binocular disparity, and position invariance in depth. Computer generated stereoscopic stimuli were presented to the monkey on a 70 inch screen. Most of the neurons responded better to long or narrow stimuli. All neurons which were orientation selective only in the frontal plane were not disparity sensitive. Most of the neurons which were orientation selective in the sagittal or horizontal plane were sensitive for binocular disparity. The majority of these neurons had wide receptive fields and their responses were position-invariant. These results suggest that the axis-orientation-selective neurons in CIP area encode the orientation of the longitudinal axis of objects in 3-dimensional space.", "19265329": "Disposable soft contact lenses that are commonly used after laser refractive surgery are known to be colonized by bacteria and play a key role in Bacterial Keraitis (BK) pathogenesis. Coagulase-negative staphylococci (CoNS) have been found to be the most common pathogen involved in this postoperative infection. In this study a rapid and a simple assay was developed for studying attachment and accumulation of CoNS on soft contact lenses in vitro using [3H] thymidine.", "1709882": "Surface interleukin-6 receptors were identified on human polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNL) by monoclonal anti p80-chain antibody MT 18 Cytoplasmic RNA harvested from PMNL also contained IL-6-R transcripts. Binding of recombinant human (rh) interleukin-6 (IL-6) to IL-6-R bearing PMNL was identified by flow cytometry using phycoerythrin (PE)-conjugated ligand. Treatment of PMNL with rh granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) led to the inability of PMNL to bind MT 18 monoclonal antibody (moAb) and to display binding sites for PE-conjugated rh IL-6. Levels of IL-6-R transcripts in PMNL exposed to GM-CSF were about 5-fold below those of PMNL cultured in medium only. Though a definitive role for IL-6 to modulate the function of PMNL was not found, treatment of PMNL with rh IL-6 clearly resulted in an enhancement of transcript levels of the early response genes c-fos and c-jun in these cells, thus indicating that IL-6 binding is followed by signal transduction.", "24835911": "The purpose of this study was to evaluate the long-term effectiveness and safety of blonanserin, a second-generation antipsychotic drug developed in Japan, in patients with first-episode schizophrenia.", "17135436": "Rotaviruses causing severe diarrhea in foals in two organized farms in northern India, during the period from 2003 to 2005, were characterized by electropherotyping, serotyping, and sequence analysis of the genes encoding the outer capsid proteins. Of 137 specimens, 47 (34.31%) were positive for rotavirus and exhibited at least five different electropherotypes (E), E1 to E5. Strains belonging to different electropherotypes exhibited either a different serotype/genotype specificity or a lack of reactivity to typing monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) used in this study. Strains belonging to E1, E2, and E5 exhibited genotype G10,P6[1], G3, and G1 specificities and accounted for 19.0, 42.9, and 9.5% of the isolates, respectively. Though they possessed G10-type VP7, the E1 strains exhibited high reactivity with the G6-specific MAb, suggesting that the uncommon combination of the outer capsid proteins altered the specificity of the conformation-dependent antigenic epitopes on VP7. E3 and E4 strains accounted for 28.6% of the isolates and were untypeable. Sequence analysis of VP7 from E4 strains (Erv92 and Erv99) revealed that they represent a new VP7 genotype, G16. The detection of unexpected bovine rotavirus-derived G10,P6[1] reassortants, G1 serotype strains, and a new genotype (G16) strain in two distant farms reveals an interesting epidemiological situation and diversity of equine rotaviruses in India.", "8386388": "Glioblastoma multiforme is among the most clinically resistant tumors to radiation. This resistance may be due to several different factors, such as a low intrinsic radiation sensitivity, a high recovery capacity, an increased number of clonogens, and a high hypoxic fraction. Previously, we have demonstrated a very wide range of intrinsic radiation sensitivities of cells of glioblastoma multiforme cell lines in vitro after single-dose irradiation. That is, the cells of some glioblastoma multiforme cell lines were quite sensitive, while for others the sensitivity of glioblastoma multiforme was among the lower range of sensitivities reported in the literature. This finding indicates that inherent cellular radiation sensitivity is not the sole determinant of the in vivo response of glioblastoma multiforme tumors. In this report, we evaluate the role of split-dose recovery determined in vitro in relation to the poor clinical outcome of glioblastoma multiforme. Cells of seven early-passage glioblastoma multiforme cell lines and six cell lines derived from tumors of a type frequently treated successfully (two squamous cell carcinomas of head and neck, three breast cancers, and one low-grade astrocytoma cell line) were studied. The in vitro split-dose recovery has been measured using colony formation as an end point. The cells were maintained at 37 degrees C for a period of 6 h between the doses of radiation. Results are presented in terms of a recovery ratio: the ratio of the mean inactivation dose of split-dose radiation to that of single-dose radiation. The data show significantly higher recovery ratios for glioblastoma multiforme than for the other types of histology; however, glioblastoma multiforme showed a wide range of recovery ratios, varying from 1.12 to 2.02. This indicates that cells of some glioblastoma multiforme cell lines exhibit minimal split-dose recovery. No correlation was found between the recovery ratio and the intrinsic radiation sensitivity of the cell lines studied. From these data, we conclude that the recovery capacity may not be the major determinant of the clinical radiation resistance of some glioblastoma multiforme.", "10590051": "Erythropoietin (EPO), a major regulator of erythroid progenitor cells, is essential for the survival, proliferation, and differentiation of immature erythroid cells. To gain insight into the molecular mechanism by which EPO functions, we analyzed the activation of Jun N-terminal kinases (JNKs) and extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERKs) in HCD-57 cells, a murine erythroid progenitor cell line that requires EPO for survival and proliferation. Withdrawal of EPO from the cell culture medium resulted in sustained activation of JNKs plus p38 MAP kinase, and inactivation of ERKs, preceding apoptosis of the cells. Addition of EPO to the EPO-deprived cells caused activation of ERKs accompanied by inactivation of JNKs and p38 MAP kinase and rescued the cells from apoptosis. Phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate, which activated ERKs by a different mechanism, also suppressed the activation of JNKs and significantly retarded apoptosis of the cells caused by withdrawal of EPO. Furthermore, MEK inhibitor PD98059, which inhibited activation of ERKs, caused activation of JNKs, whereas suppression of JNK expression by antisense oligonucleotides and inhibition of p38 MAP kinase by SB203580 caused attenuation of the apoptosis that occurs upon withdrawal of EPO. Finally, the activation of JNKs and p38 MAP kinase and concurrent inactivation of ERKs upon withdrawal of EPO were also observed in primary human erythroid colony-forming cells. Taken together, the data suggest that activation of ERKs promotes cell survival, whereas activation of JNKs and p38 MAP kinase leads to apoptosis and EPO functions by controlling the dynamic balance between ERKs and JNKs.", "2684782": "The structural gene (gapST) encoding glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GPDH; EC 1.2.1.12) from Bacillus stearothermophilus has been cloned in Escherichia coli using plasmid pBR322 as a vector; the homologous gene (gapCO) from Bacillus coagulans was cloned from a phage lambda library. Expression of the cloned gap genes revealed that, as in the wild-type (wt) organisms, the GPDH from B. stearothermophilus (GPDH-ST) was intrinsically heat stable (hs) and that from B. coagulans (GPDH-CO) heat labile (hl). The cloned gap genes were sequenced and the deduced amino acid (aa) sequences were found to be highly conserved (91.6% homology), despite the large difference in thermostability between these two enzymes. Of the 28 aa which differ between the two proteins, most of which occur in the middle third of the monomeric subunit, 5 aa involve replacement of alanine in the hl GPDH-CO, by proline in the hs GPDH-ST, and are especially interesting in terms of their potential contributions to thermostability. Conservation at the DNA level is equally dramatic, with the two gap genes exhibiting 93.3% nucleotide sequence homology. These highly expressed genes exhibit an equivalent codon bias, which more closely resembles that of highly expressed E. coli genes, than that of B. stearothermophilus genes whether highly or weakly expressed.", "16938870": "Capsaicin is a unique alkaloid of the plant kingdom restricted to the genus Capsicum. Capsaicin is the pungency factor, a bioactive molecule of food and of medicinal importance. Capsaicin is useful as a counterirritant, antiarthritic, analgesic, antioxidant, and anticancer agent. Capsaicin biosynthesis involves condensation of vanillylamine and 8-methyl nonenoic acid, brought about by capsaicin synthase (CS). We found that CS activity correlated with genotype-specific capsaicin levels. We purified and characterized CS ( approximately 35 kDa). Immunolocalization studies confirmed that CS is specifically localized to the placental tissues of Capsicum fruits. Western blot analysis revealed concomitant enhancement of CS levels and capsaicin accumulation during fruit development. We determined the N-terminal amino acid sequence of purified CS, cloned the CS gene (csy1) and sequenced full-length cDNA (981 bp). The deduced amino acid sequence of CS from full-length cDNA was 38 kDa. Functionality of csy1 through heterologous expression in recombinant Escherichia coli was also demonstrated. Here we report the gene responsible for capsaicin biosynthesis, which is unique to Capsicum spp. With this information on the CS gene, speculation on the gene for pungency is unequivocally resolved. Our findings have implications in the regulation of capsaicin levels in Capsicum genotypes.", "17848183": "Acute colonic obstruction because of advanced colonic malignancy is a surgical emergency.", "12531578": "Present angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitor treatment fails to prevent progression of non-diabetic renal disease. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of combined treatment of angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitor and angiotensin-II receptor blocker, and monotherapy of each drug at its maximum dose, in patients with non-diabetic renal disease.", "25204604": "\u03b2-Elemene, a novel antitumor plant drug extracted from the traditional Chinese medicinal herb Zedoary, has been shown to be effective against a wide variety of tumors. Recent studies have indicated that \u03b2-elemene can inhibit the growth of lung cancer cells; however, the exact mechanism of \u03b2-element's action in lung cancer remains largely unknown. In the present study, the antitumor effect of \u03b2-elemene on human lung cancer cells and the mechanism involved has been investigated.", "17487741": "Homoharringtonine has been shown to lead to apoptosis of leukemic cells in several studies. Here we showed that the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) may be the initial site of apoptotic signal induced by homoharringtonine in MUTZ-1 cells. After incubation with homoharringtonine, the percentage of apoptotic MUTZ-1 cells increased in a time-dependent manner, Ca(2+) translocated from ER pool to cytosol, the mitochondrial membrane potential decreased, and Bid protein translocated from ER to mitochondria. The activation of ER stress-associated proapoptotic factor CHOP and ER chaperones BiP and XBP1 genes followed by cleavage of caspase-3 but not caspase-4 protein were also observed.", "20215681": "A simple method has been developed for the analysis of risedronate and related substances by ion-pair reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography (RPLC) with evaporative light-scattering detection (ELSD). After optimization of the chromatographic conditions, satisfactory separation of the compounds was achieved on an Intersil C(8) column with an isocratic mobile phase: 8:4:88 (v/v) acetonitrile-methanol-12 mM ammonium acetate buffer containing 35 mM n-amylamine (pH 7.0). The mobile-phase flow rate was 1.0 mL min(-1). The calibration plot was linear in the range of 352 to 1760 microg mL(-1) for risedronate. The precision and reproducibility were 0.3 and 0.5%, respectively. The average recovery of risedronate was 100.4% and the RSD was 0.6%. The method was validated and shown to be precise, accurate, and specific for the assay of risedronate in both bulk material and dosage forms. The proposed liquid-chromatographic method can be satisfactorily used for the quality control of risedronate.", "21804945": "Context. Information about reasons for delivering at home and newborn care practices in suburban areas of Western Nigeria is lacking, and such information will be useful for policy makers. Objectives. To describe the home delivery and newborn care practices and to assess the reasons for delivering at home. Study Design, Setting, and Subjects. A cross-sectional survey was carried out in the immunization clinics of Sagamu local government, Western part of Nigeria during January and February 2008. Two trained health workers administered a semistructured questionnaire to the mothers who had delivered at home. Main Outcome Measures. Planned or unplanned home delivery, reasons for delivering at home, the details of events that took place at home from the onset of labour pains till delivery and after birth till initiation of breast-feeding, attendance at delivery, cleanliness and hygiene practices during delivery, thermal control, and infant feeding. Results. A total of 300 mothers were interviewed. Planned home deliveries were 200 (66.7%) and 100 (33.3%) were unplanned. Only 13.4% of deliveries had a skilled birth attendant present, and 47 (15.7%) mothers gave birth alone. Only 51 (16.2%) women had used a clean home delivery surface. Majority (98.2%) of the newborns were given a bath soon after birth. Initiation rates of breast-feeding were 65.3% within one hour and 95.7% within 24 hours. Conclusion. High-risk home delivery and newborn care practices are common in semiurban population also. Community-based interventions are required to improve the number of families coming to health facilities and engaging a skilled attendant and hygiene during delivery.", "22009755": "We have shown earlier that miR-221 and -222 are up-regulated in tamoxifen-resistant MCF-7 (OHT(R)) cells and Her2-positive human breast tumors when compared with Her2 negative tumors. In this study, we report markedly enhanced expression of miR-181b in OHT(R) cells and endocrine-resistant tumors. Further, anti-miR-222 or -181b in combination with tamoxifen suppressed growth of tamoxifen-resistant xenografts in mice. Luciferase reporter assay and expression analysis showed that TIMP3, a tissue metalloproteinase inhibitor, is a common target of miR-221/222 and -181b. In situ hybridization and immunohistochemical analysis demonstrated reciprocal relationships between TIMP3 and miR-221/222/181b expression in primary human breast carcinomas. Ectopic expression of TIMP3 inhibited growth of the OHT(R) cells, and its depletion in MCF-7 cells reduced sensitivity to tamoxifen in vitro and in vivo. EGF-induced MAPK and AKT phosphorylation were significantly higher in OHT(R) cells and miR-221/222-overexpressing MCF-7 cells than in control cells, which suggests modulation of mitogenic signaling by TIMP3 and the miRs. On the contrary, phosphoMAPK and phosphoAKT levels were diminished in TIMP3-overexpressing OHT(R) cells and increased in TIMP3-depleted MCF-7 cells. Low levels of estrogen or tamoxifen elicited similar differences in phosphoMAPK levels in these cells. Reduced levels of TIMP3 facilitated growth of tamoxifen-resistant cells by alleviating its inhibitory effect on ADAM10 and ADAM17, which are critical for OHT(R) cell growth. In conclusion, miR-221/222 and -181b facilitate growth factor signaling in tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer by down-regulating TIMP3, and corresponding anti-miRs can be used to render these tumors responsive to tamoxifen.", "18067406": "The Streptomyces phage phiBT1 integrase catalyzes recombination between phage attP and bacterial attB sites (att, attachment), resulting in phage DNA integration into the bacterial host genome in a unidirectional manner. Multiple pseudo-attB and -attP sites are present serendipitously in mammalian genomes and can recombine with wild-type attP and attB sequences. The phiBT1 system has been used previously to achieve site-specific integration of murine phenylalanine hydroxylase cDNA into hepatocytes of mice with phenylketonuria, which led to the complete and permanent correction of the disease phenotypes without apparent toxicities. Here we report the identification of three pseudo-attP and two pseudo-attB sites in human cells, which are located in intergenic regions of five different chromosomes. There are no microdeletions of human genomic sequences at the insertional junctions and the integrated transgenes are expressed. Human cells expressing phiBT1 integrase showed normal karyotypes without chromosomal translocations between the pseudo-attB and -attP sites. Polymerase chain reaction analyses were performed on genomic DNA isolated from various human cell types expressing phiBT1 integrase, using primers flanking the pseudo-attB and -attP sites from mismatched human chromosomes. No chromosomal translocation events were detected in normal human hepatocytes, peripheral blood mononuclear cells, vascular microendothelial cells, and two other transformed human cell lines, although one such event was observed in a human melanoma cell line. The results suggest that the occurrence of chromosomal translocations is human cell type dependent, and that the phiBT1 system for site-specific integration of transgenes into the human genome can be used in selected applications.", "25663403": "During this study, a groundwater screening tool was developed to assess the temporal risk of groundwater contamination from the use of pesticides. It is based on a source, vector, target approach. The method utilised in this study uses a semi-quantitative probabilistic risk assessment where the input parameters were classified and assigned a relative score from 1 to 5 (i.e. 1\u2009=\u2009no risk and 5\u2009=\u2009high risk). The model was parameterised by using national data and calibrated with 2 years of national pesticide groundwater monitoring data. After calibration, two specific sites were selected for model validation. Based on the presence of the source, vector and target, the evaluation indicated that the temporal risk is site specific (i.e. May to December for the country model, June to September for the Oak Park site and September for the Castledockrell site). A sensitivity analysis performed on the national scale revealed that the groundwater vulnerability category (gv), the clay content (cc%), the persistence of pesticides in soil (DT50) and the rainfall represented by wet day (wd) were the most important parameters that affected model predictions (correlation coefficients of 0.54, -0.39, 0.35 and 0.31, respectively), highlighting the importance of soil hydrogeological conditions, soil type and rainfall in influencing water model predictions. The model developed can help to identify the temporal risk from pesticides to groundwater and guide regulators in highlighting at-risk periods, therefore allowing more focused monitoring programmes.", "16249842": "The Nottingham Prognostic Index (NPI) is used to predict survival in patients with breast cancer. This index is based on tumor size, lymph node stage, and histological grade and allows the stratification of patients into three different prognostic groups. Our aim was to verify the effect of some prognostic variables on survival and to establish the independent influence of each of these variables by a survival regression analysis. We applied the NPI to the same group of patients to assess its predictive power and reproducibility.", "11376558": "We previously showed that B and T cell lymphoma development in Em (immunoglobulin heavy chain enhancer)-myc transgenic mice is dependent on the mouse strain. To determine whether any non-random chromosomal abnormality that was present was caused by variations in the lymphoma cell type or by a different genetic background, we crossed C3H transgenic mice with other inbred strains of mice, C57BL / 6 or BALB / c. Cytogenetic analysis showed a high frequency of non-random chromosomal aberrations, namely, duplication or amplification of part of chromosome 5 containing the transgene and trisomy of chromosome 1, 6, or 12 in the genetic background of C3H x C57BL / 6 mouse and C3H x BALB / c mouse, respectively, regardless of cell type of lymphoma. These results suggest that non-random chromosomal abnormalities in lymphoma cells are dependent on the genetic background of mouse, not on the tumor cell type in Em-myc transgenic mouse.", "9549743": "The antiemetic efficacy of droperidol, metoclopramide and granisetron was compared with placebo in the reduction of vomiting after paediatric surgery (the extremities; inguinal hernia; and phimosis) during general inhalational anaesthesia. One hundred children, ASA physical status I, 4-10 years of age, were enrolled in a prospectively, randomized, double-blind investigation and assigned to one of four treatment regimens: placebo (saline, n = 25), droperidol (50 micrograms.kg1, n = 25), metoclopramide (0.25 mg.kg-1, n = 25) or granisetron (40 micrograms.kg-1, n = 25). These drugs were administered intravenously (i.v.) after inhalation induction of anaesthesia. A complete response, defined as no emesis and no need for another rescue antiemetic during the first 24 h after anaesthesia, occurred in 60%, 76%, 68% and 88% of patients who had received placebo, droperidol, metoclopramide and granisetron, respectively (P < 0.05; overall Fisher's exact probability test). The incidence of adverse events postoperatively was not different among the treatment groups. In conclusion, granisetron 40 micrograms.kg-1 is a better antiemetic than droperidol and metoclopramide when compared to placebo for the prevention of postoperative emesis in children.", "28202934": "Conflicts of interest arise when corporations marketing harmful products establish financial relationships with research institutions, researchers, or public health organizations. As obesity becomes a worldwide epidemic, such relationships threaten to jeopardize the integrity of scientific research. Latin America, a region undergoing rapid development, is particularly vulnerable to such conflicts. Here, we provide examples of how food and beverage companies are funding nutrition-focused research and institutions in Latin America, putting their credibility at risk. Public health organizations and institutions should take measures to identify, manage, and limit (or eliminate) conflicts of interest caused by partnerships with food companies making and marketing unhealthful products.", "16537533": "Previously we showed that DNA methyltransferase 3b (Dnmt3b) is required for nerve growth factor (NGF)-induced differentiation of PC12 cells to neuronal phenotype. The present study identified T-cadherin (T-Cad) as one of the targets of Dnmt3b by chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay. Combined bisulfite restriction analysis and bisulfite sequencing showed that T-Cad promoter was sparsely methylated in PC12 cells. ChIP-CHOP analysis demonstrated that Dnmt3b is associated with T-Cad promoter irrespective of its methylation status. The mRNA and protein levels of T-Cad were markedly elevated in cells depleted of Dnmt3b by antisense or small interfering RNA. Suppression of T-Cad promoter activity by Dnmt3b was independent of its catalytic activity, which was consistent with the insignificant change in T-Cad promoter methylation status in Dnmt3b-depleted cells. In contrast, deletion of its N-terminal ATRX and PWWP domain abolished its repressor function. Association of histone deacetylase 2 (Hdac2) with T-Cad promoter and restoration of the promoter activity from Dnmt3b-mediated suppression upon treatment with Hdac inhibitor indicated involvement of histone deacetylation in this process. NGF-induced neurite outgrowth was inhibited in a dose dependent manner upon ectopic expression of T-Cad in PC12 cells. Immunofluorescence studies showed that T-Cad was redistributed upon NGF treatment, as evident from its concentration in axon growth cones as opposed to its localization at cell-cell contact region in undifferentiated cells. These results demonstrate a novel role of T-Cad in the NGF-mediated differentiation of PC12 cells to neuronal phenotype.", "22640574": "The use of soft braces to treat scoliosis has been described by Fischer as early as 1876. With the help of elastic straps, as the authors suggested, a corrective movement for individual curve patterns should be maintained in order to inhibit curve progression. Today this concept has been revived besides soft 3 point pressure systems. Some shortcomings have been revealed in literature in comparison with hard braces, however the concept of improving quality of life of a patient while under brace treatment should furtherly be considered as valuable. Purpose of this review is to gather the body of evidence existent for the use of soft braces and to present recent developments.", "29046721": "Bacillus licheniformis MW3 as a GRAS and thermophilic strain is a promising microorganism for chemical and biofuel production. However, its capacity to co-utilize glucose and xylose, the major sugars found in lignocellulosic biomass, is severely impaired by glucose-mediated carbon catabolite repression (CCR). In this study, a \"dual-channel\" process was implemented to engineer strain MW3 for simultaneous utilization of glucose and xylose, using l-lactic acid as a target product.", "23271362": "The xeroderma pigmentosum group D (XPD) and human 8-oxoguanine glycosylase 1 (hOGG1) genes have been suggested to play an important role in the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, the results have been inconsistent. In this study, we performed a meta-analysis to clarify the associations of polymorphisms of XPD and hOGG1 genes with HCC risk. Published literature from PubMed, EMBASE, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure were retrieved. Pooled odds ratio (OR) with 95 % confidence interval (CI) was calculated using a fixed- or random-effects model. Seven studies (1,955 HCC cases and 2,023 controls) for XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism and six studies (1,470 HCC cases and 1,541 controls) for hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism were included in the final meta-analysis. For XPD Lys751Gln polymorphism, no significant association was found under all genetic models (Gln/Gln vs Lys/Lys OR = 1.09, 95 % CI = 0.28-4.18; Gln/Lys vs Lys/Lys OR = 1.41, 95 % CI = 0.81-2.44; dominant model OR = 1.40, 95 % CI = 0.77-2.57; recessive model OR = 1.02, 95 % CI = 0.33-3.23). For hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism, there was a significant association of this polymorphism with HCC risk under heterogeneous codominant model (OR = 1.38, 95 % CI = 1.01-1.88) and dominant model (OR = 1.57, 95 % CI = 1.14-2.16). The sensitivity analysis indicated that the significant association between hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphism and HCC risk was not robust. The present meta-analysis has limited evidence to support the association of XPD Lys751Gln and hOGG1 Ser326Cys polymorphisms with HCC risk. Further, large-scale studies with the consideration for gene-gene/gene-environment interactions should be conducted to investigate the association.", "22747081": "Polyphenols are important constituents of food products of plant origin. Fruits, vegetables, and beverages are the main sources of phenolic compounds in the human diet. These compounds are directly related to sensory characteristics of foods such as flavor, astringency and color. Polyphenols are extensively metabolized both in tissues and by the colonic microbiota. Normally, the circulating polyphenols are glucuronidated and/or sulphated and no free aglycones are found in plasma. The presence of phenolic compounds in the diet is beneficial to health due to their antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and vasodilating properties. The health effects of polyphenols depend on the amount consumed and their bioavailability. Moreover, polyphenols are able to kill or inhibit the growth of microorganisms such as bacteria, fungi, or protozoans. Some dietary polyphenols may have significant effects on the colonic flora providing a type of prebiotic effect. The anti-nutrient properties of polyphenols are also discussed in this paper. The antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, vasodilating, and prebiotic properties of polyphenols make them potential functional foods.", "25745359": "Psoriasin (S100A7) plays a role in the malignant potential of several epithelial cancers, and could candidate diagnostic marker or therapeutic target. Nuclear factor kappa B (NF-\u03baB) regulates cancer cell growth and is modulated by phospholipase activity in many cancer cells. In the present study, we first evaluate the involvement of S100A7 in lung squamous cell carcinoma and its clinical usefulness for diagnosis. We then study whether knockdown of S100A7 in lung squamous cell carcinoma cells would reduce cell proliferation and NF-\u03baB activity in vitro and attenuate tumor growth in vivo.", "19863517": "To analyse the safety and efficacy of pentoxifylline sustained-release (PTX-SR) treatment in patients with early chronic Peyronie's disease (PD).", "19757023": "Myelin-derived proteins, such as tenascin-R (TN-R), myelin associate glycoprotein (MAG), oligodendrocyte-myelin glycoprotein (OMgp), and Nogo-A, inhibit the central nervous system regeneration. In this study, the DNA vaccine encoding for oligodendrocyte and myelin-related antigens was employed to attenuate the axonal growth inhibitory properties of myelin in the setting of spinal cord injury. Using a rat spinal cord dorsal hemisection model, the vaccine directed against the inhibitory epitopes of Nogo-A, MAG, OMgp, and TN-R was administered intramuscularly once a week following spinal cord injury, supplemented with local application of specific anti-sera against the four antigens. Anterograde labeling of dorsal column fibers showed active axonal regeneration through the lesion site at the eighth week following the treatment in experimental group but not in control groups. Light microscopic and ultrastructural analysis revealed that vaccination with these myelin-related antigens did not lead to demyelinating disease. OMgp and TN-R levels were down-regulated at the lesion site together with a parallel increase in growth-associated protein 43 levels in the treatment groups. This study reveals the effective approach of a DNA vaccine strategy by attaining the special antibody to direct neutralization of the myelin inhibitors during spinal cord injury.", "21768528": "The American Heart Association Task Force released a scientific statement in 2007 for the treatment of hypertension in the prevention of coronary artery disease (CAD). These guidelines recommend more aggressive control of blood pressure (BP) among those at high risk for CAD: individuals with diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, congestive heart failure, or a 10-year Framingham risk score \u226510%. These individuals are advised to maintain a BP <130/80 mm Hg. We estimated the burden of uncontrolled BP among those at an increased risk of CAD using the updated task force guidelines. We used a cross-sectional analysis of National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2005-2008 participants. Participants were 24 989 adults aged 18 to 85 years. Using the old definition of hypertension (>140/90 mm Hg), 98 million (21%) Americans have hypertension. Using the updated guidelines, an additional 52 million (11%) American adults now have elevated BP requiring treatment, for a total of 150 million adults (32%). Adults with diabetes mellitus have the greatest population burden of uncontrolled BP (50.6 million), followed by adults with chronic kidney disease (43.7 million) and cardiovascular disease (43.3 million). Although individuals at a higher risk for CAD are more likely to be aware of their hypertension and to be taking antihypertension medication, they are less likely to have their BP under control. Additional efforts are needed in the treatment of elevated BP, especially among individuals with an increased risk of CAD.", "25548771": "Since microfollicular environment and the size of the follicle are important markers influencing oocyte quality, the aim of this study is to present the spectral characterization of oocytes isolated from follicles of various sizes using lab-on-chip (LOC) technology and to demonstrate how follicle size may affect oocyte quality. Porcine oocytes (each, n = 100) recovered from follicles of different sizes, for example, from large (>5\u2009mm), medium (3-5\u2009mm), and small (<3\u2009mm), were analyzed after preceding in vitro maturation (IVM). The LOC analysis was performed using a silicon-glass sandwich with two glass optical fibers positioned \"face-to-face.\" Oocytes collected from follicles of different size classes revealed specific and distinguishable spectral characteristics. The absorbance spectra (microspectrometric specificity) for oocytes isolated from large, medium, and small follicles differ significantly (P < 0.05) and the absorbance wavelengths were between 626 and 628\u2009nm, between 618 and 620\u2009nm, and less than 618\u2009nm, respectively. The present study offers a parametric and objective method of porcine oocyte assessment. However, up to now this study has been used to evidence spectral markers associated with follicular size in pigs, only. Further investigations with functional-biological assays and comparing LOC analyses with fertilization and pregnancy success and the outcome of healthy offspring must be performed. ", "16594919": "The article presents an overview of immunological factors and their role in the genesis and development of endometriosis, with emphasis on inflammatory cytokines and growth and adhesion factors. Although retrograde menstruation is a common phenomenon among women of reproductive age, not all women with retrograde menstruation suffer the disease. Development of endometriosis seems to be a complex process, facilitated by several factors, including quantity and quality of endometrial cells in peritoneal fluid (PF), increased inflammatory activity in PF, increased endometrial-peritoneal adhesion and angiogenesis, reduced immune surveillance and clearance of endometrial cells, and increased production of autoantibodies against endometrial cells. Potential biomarkers like cytokines and autoantibodies, upregulated during development of endometriosis, seem useful in the development of a non-surgical diagnostic tool. In this review work, the immune role in endometriosis is examined through the role of immunological factors in the genesis and development of the disease. Furthermore, it could be concluded that, although endometriosis can be treated using hormonal suppression, there is a need today for non-hormonal drugs, probably to modulate immune function, in order to confront the disease and alleviate pain or infertility without inhibition of ovulation.", "21469168": "Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is involved in many central nervous system disorders, including stroke, and confers neuroprotection in cerebral ischemia. In this Mini-Review, we examine in detail the in vitro and in vivo evidence for the role of VEGF in cerebral ischemia. VEGF is a therapeutic mediator for cerebral ischemia because of its angiogenic and neuroprotective effects. However, several studies indicate that the delivery route and the timing of VEGF delivery seem to determine the outcome of VEGF therapy after an ischemic insult. In the acute stage of cerebral ischemia, the effect of VEGF is considered controversial. Therefore, further work is necessary to identify a suitable therapeutic regime prior to phase II/III clinical trials. In addition, recent studies indicate that VEGF enhances neurogenesis after ischemia. Therefore, further investigation is necessary to clarify the exact role of VEGF in neurogenesis.", "22198263": "This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal).\n\nThis article has been retracted at the request of the Authors.\n\nSince learning of potential discrepancies between the raw data from the animal pulmonary physiology laboratory at Duke that were used to calculate the in vivo pulmonary mechanics and the re-exported machine-generated raw data, some studies published elsewhere have been replicated successfully. However it is not possible to replicate this study as the NQO1-deficient mice on the C57BL/6 background are no longer available from the NCI. The authors recognize that previous work to identify differences in alveolar size can vary dependent on background strain when comparing inbred mouse strains (Soutiere SE et al Resp Physiol Neurobiol 2004;140(3)183\u201391 doi: 10.1016/j.resp.2004.02.003). Because of the prolonged period of time required to successfully backcross NQO1-deficient animals onto C57BL/6J background and the time required to repeat studies presented in this manuscript the authors think it does not seem feasible to conduct replicate studies in a reasonable timeline.\n\nTherefore, the most appropriate course of action is to retract the report as it is the authors' goal to maintain accuracy of the scientific record to the best of their ability.\n\nThe authors offer sincere apologies to the scientific community.", "22870008": "Determining the optimal sample size for a study assures an adequate power to detect statistical significance. Hence, it is a critical step in the design of a planned research protocol. Using too many participants in a study is expensive and exposes more number of subjects to procedure. Similarly, if study is underpowered, it will be statistically inconclusive and may make the whole protocol a failure. This paper covers the essentials in calculating power and sample size for a variety of applied study designs. Sample size computation for single group mean, survey type of studies, 2 group studies based on means and proportions or rates, correlation studies and for case-control for assessing the categorical outcome are presented in detail.", "26408963": "The effects on the inflammatory and tanning responses of sunlight/UVR of several oral antioxidants are still unknown.", "28514309": "To assess the effect of botulinum toxin A (BTA) for treating neuropathic pain in patients with spinal cord injury (SCI).", "9861127": "We have studied the efficacy of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, administered orally for the prevention of postoperative vomiting after tonsillectomy in children. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 160 paediatric patients, ASA 1, aged 4-10 yr, received placebo or granisetron (20, 40 or 80 micrograms kg-1) (n = 40 each) orally, 1 h before surgery. A standard general anaesthetic technique was used throughout. A complete response, defined as no emesis and no need for another rescue antiemetic during the first 24 h after anaesthesia, occurred in 40%, 48%, 85% and 90% of patients who had received placebo, or granisetron 20, 40 or 80 micrograms kg-1, respectively (P < 0.05; overall Fisher's exact probability test). There were no clinically important adverse events. We conclude that preoperative oral granisetron, in doses more than 40 micrograms kg-1, was effective for the prevention of postoperative vomiting in children.", "23418897": "5-Bromotetrandrine (BrTet), a candidate multidrug resistance (MDR) modulator, is a potential compound for use in cancer therapy when combined with anticancer agents such as daunorubicin (DNR) and paclitaxel. The purposeof this study was to investigate the mechanism of reversal of P-glycoprotein (P-gp)-mediated MDR by BrTet and the involvement of the c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK)/c-Jun signaling pathway in both adriamycin-sensitive K562 and adriamycin-resistant K562 (KA) leukemia cells in hypoxia. The combination of BrTet and DNR decreased both phosphorylated JNK1/2 and MDR1/P-gp levels under hypoxic conditions. Furthermore, a pharmacological inhibitor of JNK, SP600125, or small interfering RNA (siRNA) oligonucleotides to both JNK1 and JNK2 reversed BrTet- or DNR-induced JNK phosphorylation and MDR1/P-gp levels. We further demonstrated that the decreased JNK phosphorylation and MDR1/P-gp levels were associated with a significant increase in intracellular accumulation of DNR, which dramatically enhanced the sensitivity of drug-resistant KA cells to DNR, and led to cellular apoptosis through activation of the caspase-3 pathway. It is concluded that using BrTet in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents and pharmacological inhibitors of JNK can abrogate the P-gp-induced MDR in adriamycin-resistant K562 cells, which has potential clinical relevance in cancer therapy for chemotherapeutic-resistant human leukemia.", "22427667": "Inflammation plays an important pathogenic role in a number of metabolic diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and atherosclerosis. The activation of inflammation in these diseases depends at least in part on the combined actions of TLR4 signaling and endoplasmic reticulum stress, which by acting in concert can boost the inflammatory response. Defining the mechanisms involved in this phenomenon may unveil potential targets for the treatment of metabolic/inflammatory diseases. Here we used LPS to induce endoplasmic reticulum stress in the human monocyte cell-line, THP-1. The unfolded protein response, produced after LPS, was dependent on CD14 activity but not on RNA-dependent protein kinase and could be inhibited by an exogenous chemical chaperone. The induction of the endoplasmic reticulum resident chaperones, GRP94 and GRP78, by LPS was of a much lower magnitude than the effect of LPS on TLR4 and MD-2 expression. In face of this apparent insufficiency of chaperone expression, we induced the expression of GRP94 and GRP78 by glucose deprivation. This approach completely reverted endoplasmic reticulum stress. The inhibition of either GRP94 or GRP78 with siRNA was sufficient to rescue the protective effect of glucose deprivation on LPS-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress. Thus, insufficient LPS-induced chaperone expression links TLR4 signaling to endoplasmic reticulum stress.", "15284244": "The results from this study implicate membrane-anchored interleukin (IL)-15 constitutively expressed on the cell surface of PC-3 human prostate carcinoma cells and interferon-gamma-activated human monocytes in reverse signaling upon stimulation with soluble IL-15 receptor-alpha or anti-IL-15 antibodies, mediating the outside-to-inside signal transduction that involves the activation of members of the MAPK family (ERK and p38) and focal adhesion kinase. The presence of membrane-bound IL-15 was not dependent on the expression of the trimeric IL-15 receptor complex by these cells and resisted treatment with acidic buffer or trypsin. Reverse signaling through membrane-bound IL-15 considerably increased the production of several pro-inflammatory cytokines by monocytes, such as IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha, thereby indicating the relevance of this process to the complex immunomodulatory function of these cells. Furthermore, stimulation of transmembrane IL-15 also enhanced the transcription of IL-6 and IL-8 in the PC-3 cell line and promoted migration of PC-3 cells as well as LNCaP human prostate carcinoma cells stably expressing IL-15 on the cell surface. Thus, IL-15 can exist as a biologically active transmembrane molecule that possesses dual ligand-receptor qualities with a potential to induce bidirectional signaling. This fact highlights a new level of complexity in the biology of IL-15 and offers novel important insights into our understanding of the cellular responses modulated by this pleiotropic cytokine.", "27203611": "We investigate nonlinear elastic effect (NLEF) on the growth of heteroepitaxial islands, a topic of both scientific and technological significance for their applications as quantum dots. We show that the NLEF induces a thermodynamic self-limiting growth mechanism that hinders the strain relaxation of coherent island beyond a maximum size, which is in contrast to indefinite strain relaxation with increasing island size in the linear elastic regime. This self-limiting growth effect shows a strong dependence on the island facet angle, which applies also to islands inside pits patterned in a substrate surface with an additional dependence on the pit inclination angle. Consequently, primary islands nucleate and grow first in the pits and then secondary islands nucleate at the rim around the pits after the primary islands reach the self-limited maximum size. Our theory sheds new lights on understanding the heteroepitaxial island growth and explains a number of past and recent experimental observations. ", "23634949": "Diabetes is the most common metabolic disorder affecting pregnancy. Its prevalence seems to be growing in parallel with the epidemics of overweight and obesity. Recognizing and treating diabetes or any degree of glucose intolerance in pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, cesarean sections, a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Infants born to these mothers are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, and after delivery, these infants have a higher risk of developing hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress syndrome, polycythemia and subsequent obesity and type 2 diabetes. Despite several international workshops and a lot of research there is still no unique approach to diagnose and treat diabetes in pregnancy. Who, when and how to screen and diagnose diabetes in pregnancy has been debated in the literature for so many decades and this debate seems to be endless. We present the evolution that screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy has had over time. Besides many evidence of the benefits these procedures bring, health care providers still often prefer to use alternate criteria for this purpose. The myriad of maternal and fetal complications that could be avoided with an appropriate and simple screening procedure are ignored. Robust clinical trials such as the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study have shown how harmful can even slightly altered blood glucose levels be, but it has been found a resistance in the adoption of the new criteria proposed after this and other trials by many diabetes organizations. These organizations state that these new criteria would increase the incidence of diabetes in pregnancy, would imply in longer term follow-up of these patients and would pose an economic problem; they also state that alerting too many people in order to benefit a relatively few potential diabetics would arise psychologic ill-effects. We think that health care providers should look for an uniformity in the screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy based on evidence based medicine and not on specialists consensus.", "16840747": "Neutralization of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) is an effective antiinflammatory therapy for several chronic inflammatory diseases.", "24385585": "The four dengue virus (DENV) serotypes, DENV-1, -2, -3, and -4, are endemic throughout tropical and subtropical regions of the world, with an estimated 390 million acute infections annually. Infection confers long-term protective immunity against the infecting serotype, but secondary infection with a different serotype carries a greater risk of potentially fatal severe dengue disease, including dengue hemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome. The single most effective measure to control this threat to global health is a tetravalent DENV vaccine. To date, attempts to develop a protective vaccine have progressed slowly, partly because the targets of type-specific human neutralizing antibodies (NAbs), which are critical for long-term protection, remain poorly defined, impeding our understanding of natural immunity and hindering effective vaccine development. Here, we show that the envelope glycoprotein domain I/II hinge of DENV-3 and DENV-4 is the primary target of the long-term type-specific NAb response in humans. Transplantation of a DENV-4 hinge into a recombinant DENV-3 virus showed that the hinge determines the serotype-specific neutralizing potency of primary human and nonhuman primate DENV immune sera and that the hinge region both induces NAbs and is targeted by protective NAbs in rhesus macaques. These results suggest that the success of live dengue vaccines may depend on their ability to stimulate NAbs that target the envelope glycoprotein domain I/II hinge region. More broadly, this study shows that complex conformational antibody epitopes can be transplanted between live viruses, opening up similar possibilities for improving the breadth and specificity of vaccines for influenza, HIV, hepatitis C virus, and other clinically important viral pathogens. ", "26269763": "Hypermethylation of GPX3 (glutathione peroxidase 3) promoter has been identified in various solid tumors. However, the pattern of GPX3 promoter methylation in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) remains unknown. The current study was intended to investigate the clinical significance of GPX3 promoter methylation in de novo AML patients and further determine its role in regulating GPX3 expression. GPX3 promoter methylation status was detected in 181 de novo AML patients and 44 normal controls by real-time quantitative methylation-specific PCR and bisulfite sequencing PCR. Real-time quantitative PCR was carried out to assess GPX3 expression. GPX3 promoter was significantly methylated in AML patients compared with normal controls (P=0.022). The patients with GPX3 methylation presented significantly older age than those with GPX3 unmethylation (P=0.011). GPX3 methylated patients had significantly lower frequency of C/EBPA mutation and higher incidence of FLT3-ITD mutation (P=0.037 and 0.030, respectively). The non-M3 patients with GPX3 methylation had significantly lower overall survival than those with GPX3 unmethylation (P=0.036). No significant correlation was observed between GPX3 expression and its promoter methylation (R=0.110, P=0.284). However, GPX3 mRNA level was significantly increased after 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine treatment in leukemic cell line THP1. Our data suggest that GPX3 methylation predicts adverse clinical outcome in non-M3 AML patients. Moreover, GPX3 expression is regulated by its promoter methylation in leukemic cell line THP1. ", "18790478": "A number of international studies have explored the views of family members and healthcare professionals on the concept of family witnessed resuscitation (FWR). In contrast the perspective and preferences of patients have been under-researched, particularly in relation to those who have survived resuscitation.", "25712731": "Environmental cadmium (Cd) exposure is associated with type 2 diabetes. However, the association of Cd and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown.", "19052642": "AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR) are key regulators of cellular energy balance and of the effects of leptin on food intake. Acute exercise is associated with increased sensitivity to the effects of leptin on food intake in an IL-6-dependent manner. To determine whether exercise ameliorates the AMPK and mTOR response to leptin in the hypothalamus in an IL-6-dependent manner, rats performed two 3-h exercise bouts, separated by one 45-min rest period. Intracerebroventricular IL-6 infusion reduced food intake and pretreatment with AMPK activators and mTOR inhibitor prevented IL-6-induced anorexia. Activators of AMPK and fasting increased food intake in control rats to a greater extent than that observed in exercised ones, whereas inhibitor of AMPK had the opposite effect. Furthermore, the reduction of AMPK and ACC phosphorylation and increase in phosphorylation of proteins involved in mTOR signal transduction, observed in the hypothalamus after leptin infusion, were more pronounced in both lean and diet-induced obesity rats after acute exercise. Treatment with leptin reduced food intake in exercised rats that were pretreated with vehicle, although no increase in responsiveness to leptin-induced anorexia after pretreatment with anti-IL6 antibody, AICAR or Rapamycin was detected. Thus, the effects of leptin on the AMPK/mTOR pathway, potentiated by acute exercise, may contribute to appetite suppressive actions in the hypothalamus.", "23795814": "The monoclonal antibody 48G7 differs from its germline precursor by 10 somatic mutations, a number of which appear to be functionally silent. We analyzed the effects of individual somatic mutations and combinations thereof on both antibody binding affinity and thermal stability. Individual somatic mutations that enhance binding affinity to hapten decrease the stability of the germline antibody; combining these binding mutations produced a mutant with high affinity for hapten but exceptionally low stability. Adding back each of the remaining somatic mutations restored thermal stability. These results, in conjunction with recently published studies, suggest an expanded role for somatic hypermutation in which both binding affinity and stability are optimized during clonal selection. ", "21731444": "To understand and characterize the pathogenic mechanisms of inflammatory bowel disease, dextran sulfate sodium (DSS) has been used to induce acute and chronic colitis in animal models by causing intestinal epithelium damage. The mechanism of action of DSS in producing this outcome is not well understood. In an effort to understand how DSS might impact epithelial cell metabolism, we studied the intestinal epithelial cell line Caco-2 incubated with 1% DSS over 56 hours using (1)H NMR spectroscopy. We observed no difference in cell viability as compared to control cultures, and an approximately 1.5-fold increase in IL-6 production upon incubation with 1% DSS. The effect on Caco-2 cell metabolism as measured through changes in the concentration of metabolites in the cell supernatant included a three-fold decrease in the concentration of alanine. Given that the concentrations of other amino acids in the cell culture supernatant were not different between treated and control cultures over 56 hours suggest that DSS inhibits alanine synthesis, specifically alanine aminotransferase, without affecting other key metabolic pathways. The importance of alanine aminotransferase in inflammatory bowel disease is discussed.", "18790523": "A membrane-targeted, lipophilic ether lipid of synthetic phospholipid analog, erucylphosphocholine (ErPC) induces apoptosis in some lines of human tumor cells. We investigated the effect of ErPC on three endometrial cancer cell lines, two ovarian cancer cell lines, and normal human endometrial epithelial cells.", "22567051": "Treatment of stress urinary incontinence consists of a wide range of options, from conservative therapies like lifestyle changes, medication, pelvic floor muscles exercises, electro-stimulation, to minimally invasive procedures--injection of collagen, suburethral slings TVT/TOT and last but not least, invasive surgical treatment reserved for recurrent and complex cases. Among the latest minimally invasive procedures reported in literature, the injection of intra-and perisphincterian of autologous stem cell (mioblasts and/or mature fibroblasts grown and multiplied in the laboratory from biopsy samples taken from the pectoralis muscles).", "8706192": "The effects of granisetron for preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting were investigated in a randomized, double-blind comparison with droperidol and placebo in 100 patients undergoing general anaesthesia for major gynaecological surgery. The patients received a single dose of either granisetron (40 micrograms x kg(-1), n = 25), droperidol (1.25 mg, n = 25; 2.5 mg n = 25) or placebo (saline, n = 25)iv over two to five minutes immediately before induction of anaesthesia. The antiemetic effects of these drugs were evaluated during the first three and the next 21 hr after recovery from anaesthesia. During 0-3 hr after anaesthesia, the frequency of nausea and vomiting was 60%, 12%, 16% and 12% after administration of placebo, granisetron, droperiodol 1.25 mg or droperidol 2.5 mg, respectively. The corresponding frequencies during 3-24 hr after anaesthesia were 44%, 8%, 36% and 12%. The efficacy of granisetron in preventing postoperative nausea and vomiting was almost equal to that of droperidol 2.5 mg. The awakening time in the patients who had received droperidol 2.5 was prolonged by approximately three minutes compared with the placebo group (P <0.05), and postoperative drowsiness/sedation was observed in these patients. In conclusion, preoperative prophylactic administration of granisetron is superior to that of droperidol in the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting after anaesthesia.", "17204250": "Cerebral ischemia initiates an inflammatory response in the brain that is associated with the induction of a variety of cytokines, including tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and interleukin-1alpha/beta (IL-1alpha/beta) that contributes to stroke injury. Transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (tMCAO) in spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) resulted in significant increases in TNF-alpha and IL-1beta levels. We have previously demonstrated up-regulation of secretory phospholipase A2 IIA (sPLA2 IIA) mRNA and protein expression, increased PLA2 activity, and loss of phosphatidylcholine after 1-h tMCAO and 24-h reperfusion in SHR. Treatment with TNF-alpha antibody or IL-1 receptor antagonist significantly attenuated infarction volume, sPLA2 IIA protein expression, PLA2 activity and significantly restored phosphatidylcholine levels after tMCAO. This suggests that cytokine induction up-regulates sPLA2 IIA protein expression, resulting in altered lipid metabolism that contributes to stroke injury.", "20060322": "Inhibition of chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5), a chemokine receptor expressed on activated T cells, is efficacious in modulating inflammation and immunity as well as in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection. This study examined the effect and mechanism of CCR5 blockade in combination with cyclosporine in prolonging cardiac allograft survival in mice.", "15177893": "The Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) latent membrane protein 1 (LMP1) oncoprotein may cause multiple cellular changes, including the induction of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression and the activation of the nuclear factor kappa B (NFkappaB) transcription factor. LMP1 increases the levels of both EGFR protein and mRNA but does not stabilize EGFR mRNA. Thus the effects of LMP1 are likely to be mediated by direct activation of the EGFR promoter. In this study, induction of LMP1 increased the EGFR in both protein and promoter levels in a dose dependent manner using tetracycline-regulated LMP1 expression in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) cell line. Mutational analysis of the LMP1 protein indicated that the C-terminal activation region-1 (CTAR1) domain was mainly involved in the EGFR promoter induction, while CTAR2 was necessary but not sufficient to induce EGFR promoter. Inhibition of LMP1 mediated NFkappaB activation by constitutive repressive inhibitory kappa B alpha (IkappaBalpha) marginally decreased EGFR promoter activity using transiently transfected IkappaBalpha dominant negative mutant. Promoter mutagenesis analysis demonstrated that two putative NFkappaB binding sites of EGFR promoter were very necessary for the transcriptional activity of EGFR induced by LMP1, the proximal NFkappaB binding site was more important than the distal NFkappaB binding site. Taken together, Epstein-Barr virus latent membrane protein 1 modulated the EGFR promoter activity in a NFkappaB dependent manner.", "25114790": "A significant number of children diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder suffer a loss of previously-acquired skills, suggesting neurodegeneration or a type of progressive encephalopathy with an etiological basis occurring after birth. The purpose of this study is to investigate the effectof the age at which children got their first Measles-Mumps-Rubella (MMR) vaccine on autism incidence. This is a reanalysis of the data set, obtained from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Protection (CDC), used for the Destefano et al. 2004 publication on the timing of the first MMR vaccine and autism diagnoses.", "25319597": "Domestic violence and abuse (DVA) are associated with an increased risk of mental illness, but we know little about the mental health of female DVA survivors seeking support from domestic violence services.", "16898225": "As in vivo tissue engineering of complex tissues and organs progresses, there is a need for an independently vascularized, alterable, and recoverable model. Current models of islet cell transplantation (release into the portal venous system, placement under the renal capsule, and microencapsulation) lack these qualities. We have developed a model of angiogenesis and spontaneous tissue generation in the rat that lends itself as a potential platform for tissue engineering. In this experiment, we examined the effectiveness of such a model in addressing some of the shortcomings of endocrine pancreatic transplantation. An arteriovenous loop was created in the groins of five adult inbred Sprague-Dawley rats, and placed within polycarbonate chambers. Isolated pancreatic islet cell clusters were placed within the chambers, suspended in a matrix of Matrigel. The chambers were recovered at 3 weeks, and the newly generated tissue was processed for histologic and immunohistochemical analysis. By 3 weeks, spontaneous generation of angiogenesis and collagen matrix and deposition of a collagen matrix was observed. Surviving islet cells were identified by histology and their viability was confirmed via immunohistochemistry for insulin and glucagon. This study demonstrates the ability to maintain viability and functionality of transplanted islet cells on a tissue-engineered platform with an independent vascular supply. The model provides the ability to alter the graft environment via matrix substitution, cellular coculture, and administration of growth factors. The transplanted tissues are recoverable without animal sacrifice and are microsurgically transferable. This model may provide an in vivo culture platform for the study of islet transplantation.", "17701044": "In the last years preclinical studies have paved the way for the use of adult muscle derived stem cells for reconstruction of the lower urinary tract. Between September 2002 and October 2004, 42 women and 21 men suffering from urinary stress incontinence (age 36-84 years) were recruited and subsequently treated with transurethral ultrasonography-guided injections of autologous myoblasts and fibroblasts obtained from skeletal muscle biopsies. The fibroblasts were injected into the urethral submucosa, while the myoblasts were implanted into the rhabdosphincter. In parallel, 7 men and 21 women (age 39-83 years) also diagnosed with urinary stress incontinence were treated with standard transurethral endoscopic injections of collagen. Patients were randomly assigned to both groups. After a follow-up of 12 months incontinence was cured in 39 women and 11 men after injection of autologous myoblasts and fibroblasts. Mean quality of life score (51.38 preoperatively, 104.06 postoperatively), thickness of urethra and rhabdosphincter (2.103 mm preoperatively, 3.303 mm postoperatively) as well as contractility of the rhabdosphincter (0.56 mm preoperatively, 1.462 mm postoperatively) were improved postoperatively. Only in two patients treated with injections of collagen incontinence was cured. The present clinical results demonstrate that, in contrast to injections of collagen, urinary incontinence can be treated effectively with ultrasonography-guided injections of autologous myo- and fibroblasts.", "15882421": "The response regulator PprB and its cognate sensor PprA were recently reported as a two-component regulatory system that controls membrane permeability and antibiotic sensitivity of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. We found that a Tn5 insertion mutation in pprB caused a drastic reduction in virulence factor production and cell motility. A transcriptome analysis revealed that 175 genes were regulated by PprB. Among the 113 PprB-activated genes, 85.5% are known to be activated by N-3-oxo-dodecanoyl-homoserine lactone (OdDHL) and N-butanoyl-homoserine lactone (BHL). In particular, the expression of lasI, rhlI and rhlR, which encode key components of the las and rhl quorum-sensing (QS) systems, were significantly decreased in the pprB mutant. These data suggest that PprB might regulate QS signal production. Measurement of OdDHL and BHL in cultures of the mutant sustained this hypothesis. By using various OdDHL- or BHL-responsive QS reporter systems, including lasB-lacZ, lasI-lacZ and rsaL-lacZ, we found that the mutation in pprB resulted in a large decrease in the sensitivity of P. aeruginosa to exogenous OdDHL. However, there was no difference in sensitivity to BHL. Further analysis showed that the OdDHL influx was significantly reduced in the pprB mutant. We conclude that PprB is a novel QS modulator that positively regulates N-acylhomoserine lactone production probably by affecting the OdDHL signal influx and thereby influences global expression of the QS-dependent genes.", "9689270": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) is a commonly observed adverse effect of anaesthesia. This study was designed to evaluate the efficacy of granisetron administered orally for preventing PONV in female patients undergoing major gynaecological surgery.", "23869624": "This retrospective chart review provides a profile of an emerging population of vulnerable HIV patients with complex comorbidities. Data were abstracted from all 83 patients admitted in 2008 to Casey House, a community-based hospital dedicated to supportive and palliative care for persons with HIV in Toronto, Canada. We describe patient characteristics, including medical and psychiatric conditions, and use a Venn diagram and case study to illustrate the frequency and reality of co-occurring conditions that contribute to the complexity of patients' health and health care needs. The mean age at admission was 49.2 years (SD10.5). Sixty-seven patients (80.7%) were male. Patients experienced a mean of 5.9 medical comorbidities (SD2.3) and 1.9 psychiatric disorders (lifetime Axis I diagnoses). Forty patients (48.2%) experienced cognitive impairment including HIV-associated dementia. Patients were on a mean of 11.5 (SD5.3) medications at admission; 74.7% were on antiretroviral medications with 55.0% reporting full adherence. Current alcohol and drug use was common with 50.6% reporting active use at admission. Our Venn diagram illustrates the breadth of complexity in the clients with 8.4% of clients living in unstable housing with three or more medical comorbidities and two or more psychiatric diagnoses. Comprehensive HIV program planning should include interventions that can flexibly adapt to meet the multidimensional and complex needs of this segment of patients. Researchers, policy-makers, and clinicians need to have greater awareness of overlapping medical, psychiatric and psychosocial comorbidities. Inclusion of the needs of these most vulnerable patients in the development of evidence-based guidelines is an important step for effectively treating, preventing, and planning for the future of HIV/AIDS care.", "12351674": "It has been known since 1986 that CD8 T lymphocytes from certain HIV-1-infected individuals who are immunologically stable secrete a soluble factor, termed CAF, that suppresses HIV-1 replication. However, the identity of CAF remained elusive despite an extensive search. By means of a protein-chip technology, we identified a cluster of proteins that were secreted when CD8 T cells from long-term nonprogressors with HIV-1 infection were stimulated. These proteins were identified as alpha-defensin 1, 2, and 3 on the basis of specific antibody recognition and amino acid sequencing. CAF activity was eliminated or neutralized by an antibody specific for human alpha-defensins. Synthetic and purified preparations of alpha-defensins also inhibited the replication of HIV-1 isolates in vitro. Taken together, our results indicate that alpha-defensin 1, 2, and 3 collectively account for much of the anti-HIV-1 activity of CAF that is not attributable to beta-chemokines.", "23884831": "Controlled ovarian stimulation directly influences assisted reproductive technology (ART) outcomes. Indeed, several studies have shown that the total IU of gonadotropins used for ovarian stimulation inversely correlates with pregnancy rate. Nowadays, two main gonadotropins are used in ART protocols, human-derived and recombinant follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). The difference between these two hormones is dramatic. Indeed, the human-derived FSH is an acidic isoform of the hormone while the recombinant is a less acid one. In particular, during a physiological menstrual cycle the acid isoform is produced during the follicular phase (probably it is more effective in recruiting follicles) while less acidic isoform is produced during the mid follicular phase (preovulatory). In the present study, we aim to evaluate the efficacy of a protocol that mimics the physiological shift form an acidic to a less acid FSH isoform during oocyte maturation.", "16980158": "To test the hypothesis that dexmedetomidine, a selective alpha-2 agonist, enhances urine flow rate and perioperative renal function, a post hoc analysis was conducted on a recently completed study of dexmedetomidine used as an adjunct to epidural analgesia after thoracotomy.", "21862592": "Leptospirosis caused by pathogenic species of the genus Leptospira is a re-emerging zoonotic disease, which affects a wide variety of host species and is transmitted by contaminated water. The genomes of several pathogenic Leptospira species contain a gene named invA, which contains a Nudix domain. However, the function of this gene has never been characterized. Here, we demonstrated that the invA gene was highly conserved in protein sequence and present in all tested pathogenic Leptospira species. The recombinant InvA protein of pathogenic L. interrogans strain Lai hydrolyzed several specific dinucleoside oligophosphate substrates, reflecting the enzymatic activity of Nudix in Leptospira species. Pathogenic leptospires did not express this protein in media but temporarily expressed it at early stages (within 60 min) of infection of macrophages and nephric epithelial cells. Comparing with the wild type, the invA-deficient mutant displayed much lower infectivity and a significantly reduced survival rate in macrophages and nephric epithelial cells. Moreover, the invA-deficient leptospires presented an attenuated virulence in hamsters, caused mild histopathological damage, and were transmitted in lower numbers in the urine, compared with the wild-type strain. The invA revertant, made by complementing the invA-deficient mutant with the invA gene, reacquired virulence similar to the wild type in vitro and in vivo. The LD(50) in hamsters was 1000-fold higher for the invA-deficient mutant than for the invA revertant and wild type. These results demonstrate that the InvA protein is a Nudix hydrolase, and the invA gene is essential for virulence in pathogenic Leptospira species.", "23943369": "Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-\u03b1) has been suggested to play an important role in the development and liver cancer. TNF-\u03b1 238 G/A polymorphism was hypothesized to increase the risk of liver cancer, but findings from previous studies were controversial. To explore a more precise estimation of the relationship between TNF-\u03b1 238 G/A polymorphism and liver cancer, we performed a meta-analysis. PubMed, Embase, and China Biology Medicine databases were searched for all publications on this association through March 12, 2013. Odds ratios (ORs) with its 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to assess the strength of this association. Eleven studies with 1,406 liver cancer cases and 2,386 noncancer controls were included into this meta-analysis. Overall, there was a significant association between TNF-\u03b1 238 G/A polymorphism and increased risk of liver cancer under all three genetic models (A vs. G, OR 1.51, 95% CI 1.20-1.89, P\u2009<\u20090.001, I(2)\u2009=\u200937.7%; AG vs. GG, OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.01-2.21, P\u2009=\u20090.045, I(2)\u2009=\u200953.2%; AA/AG vs. GG, OR 1.76, 95% CI 1.35-2.30, P\u2009<\u20090.001, I(2)\u2009=\u200936.5%). The sensitivity analysis further strengthened the validity of the positive association. Subgroup analysis of nine studies from Asian countries showed that there was a significant association between TNF-\u03b1 238 G/A polymorphism and increased risk of liver cancer in Asians (A vs. G, OR 1.35, 95% CI 1.03-1.76, P\u2009=\u20090.027, I(2)\u2009=\u200940.2%; AA/AG vs. GG, OR 1.56, 95% CI 1.14-2.15, P\u2009=\u20090.006, I(2)\u2009=\u200941.9%). In conclusion, TNF-\u03b1 238 G/A polymorphism is significantly associated with increased risk of liver cancer, especially in Asians.", "10705099": "Endocrine changes resulting from the menopause transition dramatically modify women's hormonal milieu. The consequences of these changes not only lead to cessation of reproduction and accompanying symptoms in women, but also dramatically impact long-term health. Loss of estrogen has been associated with the development of cardiovascular disease. Central distribution and accumulation of adipose tissue, and the concomitant insulin resistant dyslipidemic state have emerged as important components of a cluster of metabolic abnormalities that are strongly related to coronary heart disease. Thus, estrogen deficiency may affect cardiovascular disease risk by mediating changes in body fat distribution. This article is an update of the literature in the area of menopause, hormone replacement therapy, and body fat distribution. Cross-sectional studies using anthropometric measurements of abdominal fat distribution most often failed to detect an effect of the menopause transition that was independent of advancing age and degree of obesity. The use of radiologic techniques such as DEXA and computed tomography, however, led to the conclusion that the menopause transition accelerates the selective deposition of intra-abdominal fat. Available longitudinal data also support an increase in central body fatness occurring with menopause. Most intervention trials on hormone replacement therapy and body fat distribution showed that the treatment prevented the increase in central adiposity that was noted in postmenopausal women receiving no treatment or placebo. These results are supported by retrospective studies that showed a lower WHR in hormone users vs non-users. Mechanisms potentially explaining the menopause-related acceleration in abdominal fat accumulation include changes in regional adipose tissue metabolism in the face of a positive energy imbalance. As some inconsistencies were found among studies, further investigations using longitudinal and intervention designs, as well as more precise methodologies to measure body fat distribution, are needed to clearly establish the effects of menopause and hormone replacement on abdominal body fat distribution and the concomitant increase in cardiovascular disease risk.", "16963789": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) is one of the most frequent complications after general anaesthesia. Single-dose antiemetic prophylaxis has limited efficacy in high-risk patients. Adding a simple potential antiemetic approach, such as increasing the inspired oxygen fraction, to the antiemetic portfolio would preserve pharmacological interventions for treatment of symptoms in the postoperative period. However, the antiemetic effect of a high inspired oxygen fraction is still discussed controversially. The aim of the study was to evaluate whether an inspired oxygen fraction of 0.8 decreases PONV in patients receiving the 5-HT3-antagonist dolasetron.", "21688013": "This study presents a novel method that direct intramyocardial injection of low-dose plasmid DNA and microbubbles combined with insonation could further augment gene expression in normal and ischemic canine myocardium. Plasmids encoding enhanced green fluorescent protein (pEGFP) and hepatocyte growth factor (pHGF) (500 \u03bcg) were individually mixed with 0.5 ml of microbubble solution (MB) and injected into the normal or acute ischemic canine myocardium. The dogs in the plasmid + MB/US group underwent insonation (US). Other dogs were randomly divided into three treatment groups: plasmid and insonation, plasmid and MB injection, and plasmid injection only. The EGFP and HGF mRNA expressions were assessed in the myocardium at the injection site and at sites 0.5 and 1 cm remote from the injection site. Compared to plasmid transfer alone, a mean 13.4-fold enhancement of gene expression was achieved in the EGFP + MB/US group at 48 h (p < 0.01). HGF mRNA expression in ischemic zones was markedly elevated after 28 days, with a mean 9.0-fold enhancement in the HGF + MB/US group (p < 0.01). EGFP protein expression was detected in the normal myocardium at 1 cm remote from the injection site in the EGFP + MB/US group. Similarly, HGF protein expression was detected in the ischemic myocardium at 0.5 cm remote from the injection site in the HGF + MB/US group. These findings indicate that the radius of gene expression was partly extended in the two plasmid + MB/US groups. The capillary density increased from 20.9 \u00b1 5.3/mm(2) in control myocardial infarction dogs without treatment to 126.7 \u00b1 38.2/mm(2) in the HGF + MB/US group (p < 0.01). Taken together, the present data demonstrate that direct intramyocardial injection of an angiogenic gene and microbubbles combined with insonation can augment gene expression and angiogenesis. Consequently, this strategy may be a useful tool for gene therapy of ischemic heart disease.", "23836880": "Negative-feedback loops between transcription factors and repressors in responses to xenobiotics, oxidants, heat, hypoxia, DNA damage, and infection have been described. Although common, the function of feedback is largely unstudied. Here, we define a negative-feedback loop between the Caenorhabditis elegans detoxification/antioxidant response factor SKN-1/Nrf and its repressor wdr-23 and investigate its function in vivo. Although SKN-1 promotes stress resistance and longevity, we find that tight regulation by WDR-23 is essential for growth and reproduction. By disabling SKN-1 transactivation of wdr-23, we reveal that feedback is required to set the balance between growth/reproduction and stress resistance/longevity. We also find that feedback is required to set the sensitivity of a core SKN-1 target gene to an electrophile. Interestingly, the effect of feedback on target gene induction is greatly reduced when the stress response is strongly activated, presumably to ensure maximum activation of cytoprotective genes during potentially fatal conditions. Our work provides a framework for understanding the function of negative feedback in inducible stress responses and demonstrates that manipulation of feedback alone can shift the balance of competing animal processes toward cell protection, health, and longevity. ", "24082641": "Radar workers are exposed to pulsed high frequency electromagnetic fields. In this study, health effects of these radiations in personnel who routinely work with radar systems are investigated.", "20101332": "Vitiligo is an important skin disease that can alter individual self-image and thus have major impact on the quality of life.", "19380445": "We conducted a phase II study of combination of the anti-insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor antibody CP-751,871 with paclitaxel and carboplatin (PCI) in advanced treatment-na\u00efve non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).", "12024037": "Type XI collagen is composed of three chains, alpha 1(XI), alpha 2(XI), and alpha 3(XI), and plays a critical role in the formation of cartilage collagen fibrils and in skeletal morphogenesis. It was previously reported that the -530-bp promoter segment of the alpha 2(XI) collagen gene (Col11a2) was sufficient for cartilage-specific expression and that a 24-bp sequence from this segment was able to switch promoter activity from neural tissues to cartilage in transgenic mice when this sequence was placed in the heterologous neurofilament light gene (NFL) promoter. To identify a protein factor that bound to the 24-bp sequence of the Col11a2 promoter, we screened a mouse limb bud cDNA expression library in the yeast one-hybrid screening system and obtained the cDNA clone NT2. Sequence analysis revealed that NT2 is a zinc finger protein consisting of a Kr\u00fcppel-associated box (KRAB) and is a homologue of human FPM315, which was previously isolated by random cloning and sequencing. The KRAB domain has been found in a number of zinc finger proteins and implicated as a transcriptional repression domain, although few target genes for KRAB-containing zinc finger proteins has been identified. Here, we demonstrate that NT2 functions as a negative regulator of Col11a2. In situ hybridization analysis of developing mouse cartilage showed that NT2 mRNA is highly expressed by hypertrophic chondrocytes but is minimally expressed by resting and proliferating chondrocytes, in an inverse correlation with the expression patterns of Col11a2. Gel shift assays showed that NT2 bound a specific sequence within the 24-bp site of the Col11a2 promoter. We found that Col11a2 promoter activity was inhibited by transfection of the NT2 expression vector in RSC cells, a chondrosarcoma cell line. The expression vector for mutant NT2 lacking the KRAB domain failed to inhibit Col11a2 promoter activity. These results demonstrate that KRAB-zinc finger protein NT2 inhibits transcription of its physiological target gene, suggesting a novel regulatory mechanism of cartilage-specific expression of Col11a2.", "22444263": "The aim of this study was to determine the developmental ability of cloned embryos derived from porcine neural stem (NS) cells, amniotic fluid-derived stem (AFS) cells, differentiated cells from NS and AFS cells, fetal fibroblast (FF) cells, adult fibroblast (AF) cells and mammary gland epithelial (MGE) cells. NS, AFS and FF cells were isolated from embryonic day 30 porcine fetus, AF and MGE cells were isolated from adult pig. NS and AFS cells were induced to differentiate into different cell types, respectively. Stem cells and their differentiated cells were harvested for analysis of the markers using reverse transcription PCR. NS and AFS cells, their differentiated cells, FF, AF and MGE cells were used for nuclear transfer, respectively. A total of 100 two-cell stage cloned embryos derived from each cell line were transferred into the oviducts of surrogate mothers. The results showed that the neurospheres were positive for the undifferentiated neural cell marker, Nestin and NS cells widely expressed NogoA, DCX, CyclinD2, CD133, Hes1, Oct4, Desmin, CD-90, Nanog and Sox2. AFS cells widely expressed NogoA, DCX, CyclinD2, CD133, Hes1, Nanog, Sox2, Oct4, Desmin and CD-90. Both NS and AFS cells were differentiated into astrocyte (GFAP+), oligodendrocyte (GalC+), neuron (NF+, NSE+ and MAP2+), adipocyte (LPL+ and PPAR\u03b3-D+), osteoblast (Osteonectin+ and Osteocalcin+), myocyte (myf-6+ and myoD+) and endothelium (CD31+, CD34+, CD144+ and eNOS+). Four cloned fetuses (28 and 32 days) derived from NS and AFS cells were obtained. The developmental potential of the cloned embryos derived from stem cells (NS and AFS cells) were higher (P < 0.05) than that of the cloned embryos derived from somatic cells (the differentiated cells from NS and AFS cells, FF cells, AF cells and MGE cells), which suggests that the undifferentiated state of the donor cells increases cloning efficiency.", "24762603": "Cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) has been shown to be associated with systemic inflammatory response leading to postoperative organ dysfunction. Elucidating the underlying mechanisms and developing protective strategies for the pathophysiological consequences of CPB have been hampered due to the absence of a satisfactory recovery animal model. The purpose of this study was to establish a novel, minimally invasive rat model of normothermic CPB model without blood priming.", "7510271": "To determine if the time course for the onset of gene and protein expression for interphotoreceptor binding protein (IRBP) precedes that of opsin in the developing mouse retina.", "26114310": "The acetylcholinesterase inhibitory and/or antitumour activities of amino-, thio- and ester-derivatives of avarol selected were evaluated for the first time at in vitro conditions. Avarol-3',4'-dithioglycol (1) and avarol-4'-(3)mercaptopropionic acid (3) were shown to be the best inhibitors of the enzyme tested (0.50\u2009\u00b5g and IC50 0.05\u2009mM and 0.50\u2009\u00b5g and IC50 0.12\u2009mM, respectively), while 4'-tryptamine-avarone (9) and avarol-3'-(3)mercaptopropionic acid (2) exhibited the highest cytotoxicity against the human breast T-47D cancer cell line (IC50 0.66\u2009\u00b5g/mL and 1.25\u2009\u00b5g/mL, respectively). According to experimental data obtained, the sesquiterpenoid hydroquinone structure of bioactive avarol derivatives may inspire development of new pharmacologically useful substances to be used in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and/or human breast tumour. ", "28506377": "To characterize positions obtained upon graduation from Community Pharmacy Residency Programs (CPRPs).", "28121356": "The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of the heparanase inhibitor OGT2115 on the tumorigenic properties of KB oral cancer cells.", "10696980": "Sight-threatening eye involvement is a serious complication of Beh\u00e7et's disease. Extraocular complications such as arthritis, vascular occlusive disorders, mucocutaneous lesions, and central-nervous-system disease may lead to morbidity and even death. We designed a prospective study in newly diagnosed patients without previous eye disease to assess whether prevention of eye involvement and extraocular manifestations, and preservation of visual acuity are possible with combination treatments with and without interferon alfa-2b.", "21633303": "Bufalin is a traditional Chinese medicine, and it induces apoptosis in some lines of human tumor cells.", "22993191": "A detailed analysis of the Ns1/Vp1Vp2 genome region of the porcine parvovirus (PPV) strains isolated from vaccinated animals was performed. We found many inconsistencies in the phylogenetic trees of these viral isolates, such as low statistical support and strains with long branches in the phylogenetic trees. Thus, we used distance-based and phylogenetic methods to distinguish de facto recombinants from spurious recombination signals. We found a mosaic virus in which the Ns1 gene was acquired from one PPV clade and the Vp1Vp2 gene was acquired from a distinct phylogenetic clade. We also described the interclade mosaic structure of the Vp1Vp2 gene of a reference strain. If recombination is an adaptive mechanism over the course of PPV evolution, we would likely observe increasing numbers of chimeric strains over time. However, when the PPV sequences isolated from 1964 to 2011 were analysed, only two chimeric strains were detected. Thus, PPV recombination is an independent event, resulting from close contact between animals housed in high-density conditions.", "6338856": "Forty mentally retarded adolescents were divided into two divisions on the basis of prestudy assessments that identified subjects as thioridazine hydrochloride responders or nonresponders. Within each division, the participants were assigned randomly to one of four groups. Members of each group received three administrations of the Leiter international performance scale. Four conditions were examined: testing under standard conditions and testing under reinforcement conditions while receiving and not receiving thioridazine. Condition sequences were random in all four groups. Assessments were double-blind and placebo controlled. The results showed that while both drug responders and nonresponders were receiving thioridazine there were no major differences in test scores obtained under standard and reinforcement conditions. While subjects were not receiving thioridazine there were considerable increases in scores obtained under the reinforcement conditions.", "9771305": "This study was undertaken to determine the minimum effective dose of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) after middle-ear surgery. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 120 women (ASA I) received placebo (saline) or granisetron at three different doses (20 micrograms kg-1, 40 micrograms kg-1, 100 micrograms kg-1) i.v. immediately before the induction of anaesthesia (n = 30 for each group). A standard general anaesthetic technique was used throughout. A complete response, defined as no PONV and no need for another rescue antiemetic during 0-3 h after anaesthesia, occurred in 40%, 43%, 83% and 87% of patients who had received placebo, granisetron 20 micrograms kg-1, granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 or granisetron 100 micrograms kg-1, respectively; the corresponding incidence during 3-21 h after anaesthesia was 47%, 47%, 87% and 87% (P < 0.05; overall Fisher's exact probability test). Granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 appears to be the minimum effective dose for preventing PONV in women undergoing middle-ear surgery.", "19077420": "There are no population-based studies that have examined the association between vitamin D and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and the role of lifestyle habits and dietary factors in young children in the Arabian Gulf and Middle East region. Little data on the intake of these nutrients in Mediterranean countries exist, and predictors of their suboptimal intake are not well defined.", "15456561": "Metastatic disease is present at diagnosis in 30% of the patients with colorectal cancer (CRC), and approximately half of early-stage patients with CRC will eventually present with metastatic disease. Until recently, few chemotherapy options were available to treat metastatic colorectal carcinoma (MCRC). Fluorouracil (5-FU) with leucovorin (LV) modulation has a marginal but positive effect on survival in those patients. The recent incorporation of irinotecan (CPT-11) and oxaliplatin for the management of advanced CRC has generated further improvement in survival. The development of oral fluoropyrimidines, mimicking continuous infusion 5-FU, is convenient to use. Recently completed or ongoing clinical trials to study novel targeting agents have initiated a new era of drug development. Anti-angiogenesis drugs, tyrosine kinase inhibitors, and epidermal growth factor blockers are among the new generation of agents.", "16832828": "To evaluate risk factors for endophthalmitis after cataract surgery and to retest recent findings on the protective effect of intraoperative antibiosis and the promoting effect of the clear corneal as compared to sclerocorneal incision.", "14645581": "To be effective, a vaccine against human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) must induce virus-specific T-cell responses and it must be safe for use in humans. To address these issues, we developed a recombinant vaccinia virus DIs vaccine (rDIsSIVGag), which is nonreplicative in mammalian cells and expresses the full-length gag gene of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV). Intravenous inoculation of 10(6) PFU of rDIsSIVGag in cynomologus macaques induced significant levels of gamma interferon (IFN-gamma) spot-forming cells (SFC) specific for SIV Gag. Antigen-specific lymphocyte proliferative responses were also induced and were temporally associated with the peak of IFN-gamma SFC activity in each macaque. In contrast, macaques immunized with a vector control (rDIsLacZ) showed no significant induction of antigen-specific immune responses. After challenge with a highly pathogenic simian-human immunodeficiency virus (SHIV), CD4(+) T lymphocytes were maintained in the peripheral blood and lymphoid tissues of the immunized macaques. The viral set point in plasma was also reduced in these animals, which may be related to the enhancement of virus-specific intracellular IFN-gamma(+) CD8(+) cell numbers and increased antibody titers after SHIV challenge. These results demonstrate that recombinant DIs has potential for use as an HIV/AIDS vaccine.", "20584786": "High renewal and maintenance of multipotency of human adult stem cells (hSCs), are a prerequisite for experimental analysis as well as for potential clinical usages. The most widely used strategy for hSC culture and proliferation is using serum. However, serum is poorly defined and has a considerable degree of inter-batch variation, which makes it difficult for large-scale mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) expansion in homogeneous culture conditions. Moreover, it is often observed that cells grown in serum-containing media spontaneously differentiate into unknown and/or undesired phenotypes. Another way of maintaining hSC development is using cytokines and/or tissue-specific growth factors; this is a very expensive approach and can lead to early unwanted differentiation. In order to circumvent these issues, we investigated the role of sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P), in the growth and multipotency maintenance of human bone marrow and adipose tissue-derived MSCs. We show that S1P induces growth, and in combination with reduced serum, or with the growth factors FGF and platelet-derived growth factor-AB, S1P has an enhancing effect on growth. We also show that the MSCs cultured in S1P-supplemented media are able to maintain their differentiation potential for at least as long as that for cells grown in the usual serum-containing media. This is shown by the ability of cells grown in S1P-containing media to be able to undergo osteogenic as well as adipogenic differentiation. This is of interest, since S1P is a relatively inexpensive natural product, which can be obtained in homogeneous high-purity batches: this will minimize costs and potentially reduce the unwanted side effects observed with serum. Taken together, S1P is able to induce proliferation while maintaining the multipotency of different human stem cells, suggesting a potential for S1P in developing serum-free or serum-reduced defined medium for adult stem cell cultures.", "23607635": "From porcine rectal swabs or feces, we isolated lactic acid bacteria and used porcine Peyer's patch cells to select them for inducibility of IgA production as an indicator of probiotic effects. The strain selected as a new probiotic was named 'Enterococcus faecium\u2005NHRD IHARA'. To verify the probiotic effects of this strain in vivo, 536 piglets at age 25 days were assigned to either the trial group, which administrated the strain, or the control group. An increase in IgA in the feces was observed at age 45 days (P\u2009<\u20090.05 compared with the control group); a significant increase in serum IgA was also observed at the end of the study (P\u2009<\u20090.01) in the trial group. In addition, significant differences between the groups in terms of body weight (P\u2009<\u20090.05) and average daily gain (P\u2009<\u20090.01) were observed. The rate of detection of swine-pathogenic Escherichia coli gene in the feces tended to be lower in the trial group than in the controls. The novel probiotic strain; E.\u2009faecium\u2005NHRD IHARA may have beneficial effects on swine growth by inducing IgA production and reducing rates of colonization by pathogens in the body.", "9509207": "Breast surgery is associated with a relatively high incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV). This study was undertaken to evaluate the efficacy of granisetron, droperidol and metoclopramide for preventing PONV after breast surgery.", "19151195": "Studies strongly suggest that the nicotinic acetylcholine receptors for nicotine (nAChRs) play a significant role in lung cancer predisposition and natural history. The nAChR alpha7 subunit has been found to be pivotal in the control of nicotine-induced lung cancer development and in growth signal transduction induced by nicotine binding to nAChRs.", "12974429": "To examine the relationship between glycemic control in Type 2 diabetics and sleep duration and quality of sleep.", "20830559": "One of the few available systems for gene expression in (hyper)thermophilic Archaea is the virus-based shuttle vector pMJ05 for Sulfolobus solfataricus. Although it is still not fully developed and there are some difficulties arising from the large size of the vector (>20 kb), it has successfully been used for the production of foreign and own proteins in S. solfataricus. Most often, the development of genetic tools for Archaea is held back by the lack of an efficient transformation system. In the case of pMJ05, this difficulty has been alleviated by using the Sulfolobus virus SSV1 as the vector backbone. The ability of the pMJ05 plasmid to spread in the culture as a virus, the availability of an effective selection marker (pyr) and of tunable promoters (araS and tf55\u03b1) make this system one of the first choices for heterologous gene expression in (hyper)thermophilic Archaea.", "23140713": "This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. The authors have plagiarized significant parts of a thesis published online in 2005: Quality Evaluation of Frying Oil and Chicken Nuggets Using Visible/Nearinfrared Hyper-spectral Analysis by Samira Kazemi Sangdehi (http://webpages.mcgill.ca/staff/deptshare/FAES/066-Bioresource/Theses/theses/339SamiraKazemi2005/339SamiraKazemi2005.pdf). One of the conditions of submission of a paper for publication is that authors declare explicitly that their work is original and has not appeared in a publication elsewhere. Re-use of any data should be appropriately cited. As such this article represents a severe abuse of the scientific publishing system. The scientific community takes a very strong view on this matter and apologies are offered to readers of the journal that this was not detected during the submission process.", "22853996": "Two novel glucosinolates along with one known glucosinolate were isolated from Broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var. italica) florets. Their structures were established mainly by 1D ((1)H and (13)C NMR), 2D NMR ((1)H-(1)H COSY, DEPT 135\u00b0, HSQC and HMBC), and Tandem MS-MS spectrometric data as 2-mercaptomethyl sulfinyl glucosinolate [(Z)-4-(methylsulfinyl)-N-(sulfooxy)-2-((2'S,3'R,4'S,5'S,6'R)-3',4',5'-trihydroxy-6'(hydroxylmethyl)-2'-mercapto tetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-yl) butane amide] 1, (Z)-1-((2S,5S)-5-hydroxytetra-hydro-2H-pyran-2-ylthio)-2-(1H-indol-3-yl) ethylidene amino sulfate 2 and a known cinnamoyl [6'-O-trans-(4\u2033-hydroxy cinnamoyl)4-(methylsulphinyl)butyl glucosinolate] 3. Compound 1 exhibited scavenging activity against DPPH with an inhibitory concentration IC(50) of 20 mM, whereas compound 3 was a weak antioxidant when compared to the standard quercetin (5 mM) as a positive control. Both the compounds showed a significant and similar antimicrobial activity against Staphylococcus aureus with an IC(50) of <625 \u03bcg/mL when compared to antibiotic duricef. Against Salmonella typhimurium the IC(50) of 1 and 3 was determined as <625 \u03bcg/mL and <1250 \u03bcg/mL, respectively, when compared to ampicillin (IC(50) \u2264 39 \u03bcg/mL) as a positive control.", "14530932": "The incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) following laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC) is relatively high when no prophylactic antiemetic is given. We have studied the efficacy of a commonly used and well-established antiemetic, droperidol, for the prevention of PONV in patients undergoing LC.", "21297532": ": The aims of this study were to estimate the hepatitis B vaccination coverage levels among nurses and understand the reasons for receiving or not receiving the preventive vaccination.", "28614379": "Manipulating gut bacteria in the microbiome, through the use of probiotics and prebiotics, has been found to have an influence on both physical and emotional wellbeing. This study uses a dietary manipulation 'The Gut Makeover' designed to elicit positive changes to the gut bacteria within the microbiome. 21 healthy participants undertook 'The Gut Makeover' for a four week period. Weight and various aspects of health were assessed pre and post intervention using the Functional Medicine Medical Symptoms Questionnaire (MSQ). Paired sample t-tests revealed a significant reduction in self-reported weight at the end of the intervention. Adverse medical symptoms related to digestion, cognition and physical and emotional wellbeing, were also significantly reduced during the course of the dietary intervention. The intervention, designed to manipulate gut bacteria, had a significant impact on digestion, reducing IBS type symptoms in this non-clinical population. There was also a striking reduction in negative symptoms related to cognition, memory and emotional wellbeing, including symptoms of anxiety and depression. Dietary gut microbiome manipulations may have the power to exert positive physical and psychological health benefits, of a similar nature to those reported in studies using pre and probiotics. The small sample size and lack of control over confounding variables means that it will be important to replicate these findings in larger-scale controlled, prospective, clinical trials. This dietary microbiome intervention has the potential to improve physical and emotional wellbeing in the general population but also to be investigated as a treatment option for individuals with conditions as diverse as IBS, anxiety, depression and Alzheimer's disease.", "24353159": "Narcolepsy, a disorder strongly associated with human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-DQA1*01:02/DQB1*06:02 (DQ0602), is characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness, cataplexy, and rapid eye movement sleep abnormalities. It is caused by the loss of ~70,000 posterior hypothalamic neurons that produce the wake-promoting neuropeptide hypocretin (HCRT) (orexin). We identified two DQ0602-binding HCRT epitopes, HCRT56-68 and HCRT87-99, that activated a subpopulation of CD4(+) T cells in narcolepsy patients but not in DQ0602-positive healthy control subjects. Because of the established association of narcolepsy with the 2009 H1N1 influenza A strain (pH1N1), we administered a seasonal influenza vaccine (containing pH1N1) to patients with narcolepsy and found an increased frequency of circulating HCRT56-68- and HCRT87-99-reactive T cells. We also identified a hemagglutinin (HA) pHA1 epitope specific to the 2009 H1N1 strain, pHA1275-287, with homology to HCRT56-68 and HCRT87-99. In vitro stimulation of narcolepsy CD4(+) T cells with pH1N1 proteins or pHA1275-287 increased the frequency of HCRT56-68- and HCRT87-99-reactive T cells. Our data indicate the presence of CD4(+) T cells that are reactive to HCRT in narcolepsy patients and possible molecular mimicry between HCRT and a similar epitope in influenza pH1N1, pHA1275-287. ", "18456410": "Erythropoietin (EPO) and its receptor (EPO-R), mediate neuroprotection from axonopathy and apoptosis in the peripheral nervous system (PNS). We examined the impact and potential mechanisms of local EPO signaling on regenerating PNS axons in vivo and in vitro. As a consequence of injury, peripheral nerve axons and DRG neurons have a marked increase in the expression of EPO and EPO-R. Local delivery of EPO via conduit over 2 weeks to rat sciatic nerve following crush injury increased the density and maturity of regenerating myelinated axons growing distally from the crush site. In addition, EPO also rescued retrograde degeneration and atrophy of axons. EPO substantially increased the density and intensity of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) expression within outgrowing axons. Behavioral improvements in sensorimotor function also occurred in rats exposed to near nerve EPO delivery. EPO delivery led to decreased nuclear factor kappaB (NFkB) activation but increased phosphorylation of Akt and STAT3 within nerve and dorsal root ganglia neurons indicating rescue from an injury phenotype. Spinal cord explant studies also demonstrated a similar dose-dependent effect of EPO upon motor axonal outgrowth. Local EPO signaling enhances regenerating peripheral nervous system axons in addition to its known neuroprotection. Exogenous EPO may have a therapeutic role in a large number of peripheral nerve diseases through its impact on regeneration.", "11139469": "Angiotensin II (Ang II)-mediated signals are transmitted via heparin binding epidermal growth factor (EGF)-like growth factor (HB-EGF) release followed by transactivation of EGF receptor (EGFR). Although Ang II and HB-EGF induce angiogenesis, their link to the angiopoietin (Ang)-Tie2 system remains undefined. We tested the effects of Ang II on Ang1, Ang2, or Tie2 expression in cardiac microvascular endothelial cells expressing the Ang II receptors AT(1) and AT(2). Ang II significantly induced Ang2 mRNA accumulations without affecting Ang1 or Tie2 expression, which was inhibited by protein kinase C inhibitors and by intracellular Ca(2+) chelating agents. Ang II transactivated EGFR via AT(1), and inhibition of EGFR abolished the induction of Ang2. Ang II caused processing of pro-HB-EGF in a metalloproteinase-dependent manner to stimulate maturation and release of HB-EGF. Neutralizing anti-HB-EGF antibody blocked EGFR phosphorylation by Ang II. Ang II also upregulated vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression in an HB-EGF/EGFR-dependent manner. AT(2) inhibited AT(1)-mediated Ang2 expression and phosphorylation of EGFR. In an in vivo corneal assay, AT(1) induced angiogenesis in an HB-EGF-dependent manner and enhanced the angiogenic activity of VEGF. Although neither Ang2 nor Ang1 alone induced angiogenesis, soluble Tie2-Fc that binds to angiopoietins attenuated AT(1)-mediated angiogenesis. These findings suggested that (1) Ang II induces Ang2 and VEGF expression without affecting Ang1 or Tie2 and (2) AT(1) stimulates processing of pro-HB-EGF by metalloproteinases, and the released HB-EGF transactivates EGFR to induce angiogenesis via the combined effect of Ang2 and VEGF, whereas AT(2) attenuates them by blocking EGFR phosphorylation. Thus, Ang II is involved in the VEGF-Ang-Tie2 system via HB-EGF-mediated EGFR transactivation, and this link should be considerable in pathological conditions in which collateral blood flow is required.", "20593050": "Non-invasive methods have been proposed as surrogate markers for liver biopsy. It was shown that serum hyaluronic acid (HA) and laminin (LN) levels increase with the development of liver fibrosis. The aim of this study was to determine serum HA and LN levels cut-off points for predicting liver fibrosis, highlighting their diagnostic value and their changes during treatment.", "22264225": "A screen-printed disposable electrode system for the determination of duloxetine hydrochloride (DL) was developed using screen-printing technology. Homemade printing has been characterized and optimized on the basis of effects of the modifier and plasticizers. The fabricated bi-electrode potentiometric strip containing both working and reference electrodes was used as duloxetine hydrochloride sensor. The proposed sensors worked satisfactorily in the concentration range from 1.0 \u00d7 10-6-1.0 \u00d7 10-2 mol L-1 with detection limit reaching 5.0 \u00d7 10-7 mol L-1 and adequate shelf life of 6 months. The method is accurate, precise and economical. The proposed method has been applied successfully for the analysis of the drug in pure and in its dosage forms. In this method, there is no interference from any common pharmaceutical additives and diluents. Results of the analysis were validated statistically by recovery studies.", "22051236": "Superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles are currently used for precise drug delivery and as an image contrast agent. In the present study, the potentiality of curcumin-loaded magnetic nanoparticles (Cur-MNPs) for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) was investigated. For active therapy, transferrin (Tf) ligand was further conjugated to Cur-MNPs, which demonstrated enhanced uptake compared to Cur-MNPs in p210bcr/abl-positive cell line (K562). Cur-MNPs demonstrated greater and sustained anti-proliferative activity in a dose- and time-dependent manner; however, with the advent of a magnetic field the anti-proliferative activity of Cur-MNPs as well as Tf-Cur-MNPs was enhanced due to higher cellular uptake with enhanced cytotoxicity activity. Down-regulation of Bcr-Abl protein activates intrinsic apoptotic pathways for promoting anti-leukemic responses. Our in vitro results advocate potential clinical applications of Cur-MNPs by activating multiple signaling pathways for provoking the anti-leukemic activity.", "18758063": "Propolis has well-known antimicrobial activity as well as antioxidant, antitumoral, anti-inflammatory, and regenerative properties, but its effects on the immune response are not well understood. Furthermore, clinical application of this relatively efficacious agent in cancer and other diseases has been limited due to poor aqueous solubility and, consequently, minimal systemic bioavailability. Nanoparticle-based delivery approaches have the potential to render hydrophobic agents like propolis dispersible in aqueous media, thus circumventing the pitfalls of poor solubility. We have synthesized a polymeric nanoparticle-encapsulated formulation of propolis (propolis nanofood) utilizing micellar aggregates of cross-linked and random copolymers of N-isopropylacrylamide (NIPAAM) with N-vinyl-2-pyrrolidone (VP) and poly(ethyleneglycol) monoacrylate (PEG-A). Physico-chemical characterization of the polymeric nanoparticles by dynamic laser light scattering and transmission electron microscopy confirms a narrow size distribution in the 50-nm range. Propolis nanofood, unlike free propolis, is readily dispersed in aqueous media. Propolis nanofood demonstrates comparable in vitro therapeutic efficacy to free propolis against a panel of human pancreatic cancer cell lines, as assessed by cell viability and clonogenicity assays in soft agar. Future studies utilizing propolis nanofood are warranted in pre-clinical in vivo models of cancer and other diseases that might benefit from the effects of propolis.", "26147251": "Meat tenderness is the primary and most important quality attribute for the consumers worldwide. Tenderness is the process of breakdown of collagen tissue in meat to make it palatable. The earlier methods of tenderness evaluation like taste panels and shear force methods are destructive, time consuming and ill suited as they requires removing a piece of steak from the carcass for performing the test. Therefore, a non-destructive method for predicting the tenderness would be more desirable. The development of a meat quality grading and guarantee system through muscle profiling research can help to meet this demand. Biomarkers have the ability to identify if an exposure has occurred. Biomarkers of the meat quality are of prime importance for meat industry, which has ability to satisfy consumers' expectations. The biomarkers so far identified have been then sorted and grouped according to their common biological functions. All of them refer to a series of biological pathways including glycolytic and oxidative energy production, cell detoxification, protease inhibition and production of Heat Shock Proteins. On this basis, a detailed analysis of these metabolic pathways helps in identifying tenderization of meat having some domains of interest. It was, therefore, stressed forward that biomarkers can be used to determine meat tenderness. This review article summarizes the uses of several biomarkers for predicting the meat tenderness. ", "23902646": "Spinal motoneuron neuroprotection by vitamin B12 was previously reported; the present study was carried out to evaluate neuroprotectivity in the dorsal root ganglion sensory neuron.", "22378937": "The following manuscript was published as a Fast Forward article on February 29, 2012: Sullivan TJ, Dairaghi DJ, Krasinski A, Miao Z, Wang Y, Zhao BN, Baumgart T, Berahovich R, Ertl LS, Pennell A, Seitz L, Miao S, Ungashe S, Wei Z, Johnson D, Boring L, Tsou C-L, Charo IF, Bekker P, Schall TJ, and Jaen JC, Characterization of CCX140-B, an orally bioavailable antagonist of the CCR2 chemokine receptor, for the treatment of type 2 diabetes and associated complications. J Pharmacol Exp Ther jpet.111.190918; doi:10.1124/jpet.111.190918 It was later found that the chemical identity of a compound cited in the article, CCX140-B, was not sufficiently disclosed. The authors are unable, at this time, to provide the chemical identity of CCX140-B in accordance with the editorial policies of The Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics. As a result, the authors have voluntarily withdrawn this manuscript from publication. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause JPET's readers.", "26958267": "Data driven technology is believed to be a promising technique for transforming the current status of healthcare. Electronic Health Records (EHR) is one of the main carriers for conducting the data driven healthcare research, where the goal is to derive insights from healthcare data and utilize such insights to improve the quality of care delivery. Due to the progression nature of human disease, one important aspect for analyzing healthcare data is temporality, which suggests the temporal relationships among different healthcare events and how their values evolve over time. Sequential pattern mining is a popular tool to extract time-invariant patterns from discrete sequences and has been applied in analyzing EHR before. However, due to the complexity of EHR, those approaches usually suffers from the pattern explosion problem, which means that a huge number of patterns will be detected with improper setting of the support threshold. To address this challenge, in this paper, we develop a novel representation, namely the temporal graph, for event sequences like EHR, wherein the nodes are medical events and the edges indicate the temporal relationships among those events in patient EHRs. Based on the temporal graph representation, we further develop an approach for temporal signature identification to identify the most significant and interpretable graph bases as temporal signatures, and the expressing coefficients can be treated as the embeddings of the patients in such temporal signature space. Our temporal signature identification framework is also flexible to incorporate semi-supervised/supervised information. We validate our framework on two real-world tasks. One is predicting the onset risk of heart failure. The other is predicting the risk of heart failure related hospitalization for patients with COPD pre-condition. Our results show that the prediction performance in both tasks can be improved by the proposed approaches.", "23402941": "The aim of this paper was to evaluate the interactions of Somatostatin receptor-2 (SST2) and Neuropeptide Y receptors-1 (Y1) by molecular, pharmacological and behavioral studies. Double-immunolabeling of SST2 and Y1 has shown the colocalization of these two receptors in the dorsal root ganglion (DRG) neurons. On the basis of the Pinch nerve injury model, the mechanical hyperalgesia and severely painful behavior (autotomy) were detected after the application of SST2 antibody (anti-SST2; 200\u03bcg/kg) on the pinch-injured nerve. The differential distribution of Y1 and up-regulation of PKC expression in DRGs were observed after anti-SST2 treatment. Our results indicated for the first time the interactions of SST2 and Y1 in DRGs, which have functional role in pain modulation and might give rise to explore possible novel therapeutic strategies against pain.", "19118527": "Recent publications have shown that mechanical stress can regulate the direction of stem cell differentiation. The exact mechanobiological effects of pressure on initial osteodifferentiation have not been determined. Here, we show that ERK signaling participates in early osteodifferentiation and plays a positive but non-critical role in mechanotransduction, whereas p38 MAPK is not involved in this process. Moreover, our findings provide evidence that in response to both types of pressure with high sensitivity, Wnt10b mRNA is ERK-dependent whereas Wnt4 mRNA is upregulated by treatment of the inhibitor of ERK signaling. The findings suggest novel mechanisms of the initial biological responses of bone remodeling and regeneration upon mechanical stimuli.", "25303488": "NAFLD, and its more severe form with steatohepatitis (NASH), are common in patients with T2DM. However, they are usually believed to affect largely those with elevated aminotransferases. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of NAFLD (by the gold-standard liver magnetic resonance and spectroscopy or (1)H-MRS) in patients with T2DM and normal aminotransferases, and to characterize their metabolic profile.", "18692561": "Molecular imprinting is a newly developed methodology which provides molecular assemblies of desired structures and properties and is being increasingly used for several applications such as in separation processes, microreactors, immunoassays and antibody mimics, catalysis, artificial enzymes, biosensor recognition elements and bio- and chemo-sensors. The ambient processing conditions and versatility of the sol-gel process makes sol-gel glassy matrix suitable for molecular imprinting. The progress of sol-gel based molecular imprinted polymers (MIPs) for various applications can be seen from the growing number of publications. The main focus of the review is molecular imprinting in sol-gel matrix and applications of molecular imprinted sol-gel derived materials for the development of sensors. Combining sol-gel process with molecular imprinting enables to procure the sensors with greater sensitivity and selectivity necessary for sensing applications. The merits, problems, challenges and factors affecting molecular imprinting in sol-gel matrix have been discussed. Considerable attention has been drawn on recent developments like use of organically modified silane precursors (ORMOSILS) for the synthesis of hybrid molecular imprinted polymers (HMIPs) and applying surface sol-gel process for molecular imprinting. The development of molecular imprinted sol-gel nanotubes for biochemical separation and bio-imprinting is a new advancement and is under progress. Templated xerogels and molecularly imprinted sol-gel films provide a good platform for various sensor applications.", "25663977": "In this study, we report an active targeting liposomal formulation directed by a novel peptide (T7) that specifically binds to the transferrin receptor (TfR) overexpressed on ovarian carcinoma cells. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the in vitro and in vivo tumor drug targeting delivery of T7-anchored liposomes on A2780 cells. T7 conjugated to the distal end of DSPE-PEG2000-maleimide was incorporated into the liposomes via a post-insertion method, the liposome could keep stability in 50% FBS for more than 24 h. The uptake efficiency of T7-LP was 3.7 times higher than that of LP on A2780 cells. The anti-proliferative activity of T7-LP-PTX against A2780 cells was much stronger compared to that of LP-PTX and free PTX, respectively. The homing specificity and anticancer efficacy of T7-LP-PTX were also evaluated on the tumor spheroids, which revealed that T7-LP-PTX was more efficaciously internalized into tumor cells than LP. Compared to LP, T7-LP-PTX showed the highest accumulation capability into tumor spheroids, and the greatest tumor growth inhibitory effect in vitro. In the in vivo study, the T7-LP-PTX showed the best inhibition effect of the tumor growth for the A2780-bearing mice and tumor accumulation. In brief, the T7-LP may be an efficient targeting drug delivery system for ovarian carcinoma.", "23173612": "Substantial progresses in the management of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) have been made in the past two decades. Progress in the understanding of the endothelial-platelet interaction during health and disease state has resulted in better antiplatelet drugs that can prevent platelet aggregation, activation and thrombosis during angioplasty and stenting. A role in physiological and pathological angiogenesis in adults has been recently shown in bone marrow-derived circulating endothelial progenitors (BM-DCEPs) identified in the peripheral blood. These findings have paved the way for the development of therapeutic neovascularization techniques using endothelial progenitors.", "18381294": "Cysteine-rich 61 (Cyr61/CCN1), one of the members of CCN family, has been implicated in the progression of human malignancies. Previously, our studies have demonstrated that Cyr61/CCN1 has a role in promoting gastric cancer cell invasion, but the mechanism is not clear yet. Here, we found that hypoxia-inducing factor-1alpha (HIF-1alpha) protein, but not mRNA, expression was significantly elevated in gastric cancer cells overexpressing Cyr61. Supportively, a profound reduction of endogenous HIF-1alpha protein was noted in one highly invasive cell line, TSGH, when transfected with antisense Cyr61. By comparison, the induction kinetics of HIF-1alpha protein by recombinant Cyr61 (rCyr61) was distinct from that of insulin-like growth factor-1 and CoCl(2) treatment, both well known for induction of HIF-1alpha. Using cycloheximide and MG132, we demonstrated that the Cyr61-mediated HIF-1alpha up-regulation was through de novo protein synthesis, rather than increased protein stability. rCyr61 could also activate the PI3K/AKT/mTOR and ERK1/2 signaling pathways, both of which were essential for HIF-1alpha protein accumulation. Blockage of HIF-1alpha activity in Cyr61-expressing cells by transfecting with a dominant negative (DN)-HIF-1alpha strongly inhibited their invasion ability, suggesting that elevation in HIF-1alpha protein is vital for Cyr61-mediated gastric cancer cell invasion. In addition, several HIF-1alpha-regulated invasiveness genes were examined, and we found that only plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) showed a significant increase in mRNA and protein levels in cells overexpressing Cyr61. Treatment with PAI-1-specific antisense oligonucleotides or function-neutralizing antibodies abolished the invasion ability of the Cyr61-overexpressing cells. Transfection with dominant negative-HIF-1alpha to block HIF-1alpha activity also effectively reduced the elevated PAI-1 level. In conclusion, our data provide a detailed mechanism by which Cyr61 promoted gastric cancer cell invasive ability via an HIF-1alpha-dependent up-regulation of PAI-1.", "17267205": "In a previous study we demonstrated a down-regulatory effect of vitamin D active metabolite (1,25(OH)(2)D(3)) and its vitamin D(2) analog (1,24(OH)(2)D(2)) on TNFalpha expression in macrophages. We also found an inhibitory effect in the physiological concentration (10(-10)M) of 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) which was dose-dependent. This down-regulation, caused by the decrease in NFkappaB activity by 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) and 1,24(OH)(2)D(2), was demonstrated in P388D1 cells transfected with NFkappaB reporter gene (p NFkappaB-Luc) and by EMSA. In our present study we investigated the processes leading to reduced NFkappaB activity on P388D1 cells. A decrease in nuclei NFkappaB-p65 and an increase in cytosolic NFkappaB-p65, were measured, while no changes in total NFkappaB-p65 mRNA and protein levels were observed. Simultaneously, a significant increase in both mRNA and protein levels of the NFkappaB-cytosolic inhibitor, IkappaBalpha, were determined. The half-life of IkappaBalpha-mRNA increased, with a parallel decrease in the phosphorylation of its protein, as the first step of ubiquitinization and degradation. The present results demonstrate that 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) and 1,24(OH)(2)D(2) inhibit TNFalpha expression in macrophages, by increasing IkappaBalpha and decreasing NFkappaB activity. Since NFkappaB is a major transcription factor for TNFalpha and other inflammatory mediators, these findings suggest that 1,25(OH)(2)D(3) and 1,24(OH)(2)D(2) may be used therapeutically as anti-inflammatory agents.", "24664582": "In this study, we explored the relationship between neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count (ANC) <1,500/mm(3)) and invasive fungal infection (IFI) in Chinese patients who had hematological malignancies treated with chemotherapy. We conducted a multicenter, prospective, non-interventional study of consecutive patients with hematological malignancies undergoing chemotherapy in China and determined clinical characteristics of patients who developed neutropenia and IFI. The results indicated that for the 2,177 neutropenic patients, 88 (4.0 %) were diagnosed with IFI. We found that a high risk of IFI (P<0.05) is associated with male gender, non-remission of the primary disease, use of two or more broad-spectrum antibiotics, treatment with parenteral nutrition, presence of cardiovascular disease, history of IFI, and neutropenia. When the ANC was less than 1,000, 1,000\u223c500, 500\u223c100, and <100/mm(3), the incidence of IFI was 0.5, 5.2, 3.9, and 4.7 %, respectively (ANC>1,000/mm(3) versus other groups, P<0.001). When the ANC was less than 1,000, 500, or 100/mm(3) for 10 days or more, the incidence of IFI was 3.2 versus 6.1 % (P=0.0052), 3.5 versus 7.1 % (P=0.0021), and 3.1 versus 10.0 % (P<0.001). When the ANC was less than 100/mm(3), taking antifungal prophylaxis reduced the incidence of IFI (P<0.05). The IFI-attributable mortality rate was 11.7 %. In conclusion, Chinese patients with IFI, severe and prolonged neutropenia increases the incidence of IFI. The incidence of IFI associated with neutropenia was reduced when antifungal prophylaxis was given. IFI was associated with a significantly increased high mortality rate in hematological malignancy patients with neutropenia.", "12048910": "The clinical significance of thymoma histology remains controversial because of the numerous histological classifications of thymic epithelial tumors. Universal classification of such tumors was achieved by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1999. We studied the prognostic significance of this classification.", "23173650": "Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) are associated with great emotional costs to individuals and substantial economic costs to society. This study seeks to evaluate the effect of a new natural compound \"Tradamixina plus Serenoa Repens\" in order to improve lower urinary tract symptoms.", "24656405": "Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is the most aggressive form of brain cancer with marginal life expectancy. Based on the assumption that GBM cells gain functions not necessarily involved in the cancerous process, patient-derived glioblastoma cells (GCs) were screened to identify cellular processes amenable for development of targeted treatments. The quinine-derivative NSC13316 reliably and selectively compromised viability. Synthetic chemical expansion reveals delicate structure-activity relationship and analogs with increased potency, termed Vacquinols. Vacquinols stimulate death by membrane ruffling, cell rounding, massive macropinocytic vacuole accumulation, ATP depletion, and cytoplasmic membrane rupture of GCs. The MAP kinase MKK4, identified by a shRNA screen, represents a critical signaling node. Vacquinol-1 displays excellent in vivo pharmacokinetics and brain exposure, attenuates disease progression, and prolongs survival in a GBM animal model. These results identify a vulnerability to massive vacuolization that can be targeted by small molecules and point to the possible exploitation of this process in the design of anticancer therapies.", "17906199": "Standard treatment for advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) includes the use of a platinum-based chemotherapy regimen. However, response rates are highly variable. Newer agents, such as pemetrexed, have shown significant activity as second-line therapy and are currently being evaluated in the front-line setting. We utilized a genomic strategy to develop signatures predictive of chemotherapeutic response to both cisplatin and pemetrexed to provide a rational approach to effective individualized medicine.", "15571483": "Up to 6% of young children and 2% of adults suffer from food allergy. Among them many have IgE-mediated food allergy, a condition with potentially fatal allergic reactions. The only proven treatment is avoidance of the offending food, which can be identified using standardised allergic tests. However, several studies have addressed possible definite treatment options for food allergy. Immunotherapy, administered orally or by systemic injections, shows promising preliminary results, but these therapeutics are based on studies with insufficient scientific support, or are associated with a high risk of severe side effects. At present, no studies can support pharmacotherapy. However, promising results were recently published with anti-IgE antibodies in a human trial, and various approaches in a mouse model of food allergy (chinese herbal medicine, specific modulation of the T-cell response). Rapidly evolving findings might provide hope for a cure for food allergy in the near future.", "8665632": "To evaluate the antiemetic efficacy of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, on postoperative vomiting in children undergoing general anaesthesia for strabismus repair and tonsillectomy with or without adenoidectomy.", "21404194": "To focus on the use of targeted therapies against the non-clear histologic subtypes of renal cell carcinoma (RCC); papillary I and II, chromophobe, and collecting duct. The unique genetic and molecular profiles of each distinct non-clear kidney cancer subtype will be described, as these differences are integral to the development and effectiveness of the novel agents used to treat them.", "9067046": "To evaluate the efficacy of granisetron, a selective antagonist of 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptors, in the prevention of PONV in patients with and without previous postoperative emesis undergoing general anaesthesia for major gynaecological surgery.", "22518314": "The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of fetal sex on serum human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and testosterone in normotensive and preeclamptic pregnancies.", "17177150": "To investigate the association between blood mercury level and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Chinese children in Hong Kong.", "26357515": "Plasmablastic lymphoma (PBL) is an aggressive subtype of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL), which frequently arises in the oral cavity of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infected patients. PBL shows diffuse proliferation of large neoplastic cells resembling B-immunoblasts/plasmablasts, or with plasmacytic features and an immunophenotype of plasma cells. PBL remains a diagnostic challenge due to its peculiar morphology and an immunohistochemical profile similar to plasma cell myeloma (PCM). PBL is also a therapeutic challenge with a clinical course characterized by a high rate of relapse and death. There is no standard chemotherapy protocol for treatment of PBL. Cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone (CHOP) or CHOP-like regimens have been the backbone while more intensive regimens such as cyclophosphamide, vincristine, doxorubicin, high-dose methotrexate/ifosfamide, etoposide, high-dose cytarabine (CODOX-M/IVAC), or dose-adjusted etoposide, prednisone, vincristine, cyclophosphamide, and doxorubicin (DA-EPOCH) are possible options. Recently, a few studies have reported the potential value of the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib and thalidomide in PBL patients. The introduction of genes encoding artificial receptors called chimeric antigen receptors (CARs) and CAR-modified T cells targeted to the B cell-specific CD19 antigen have demonstrated promising results in multiple early clinical trials. The aim of this paper is to review the recent advances in epidemiology; pathophysiology; clinical, pathologic, and molecular characteristics; therapy; and outcome in patients with PBL. ", "26843732": "We aimed to investigate the effect of removal of merocel nasal packings on patients anxiety after septoplasty using Hamilton Anxiety Scale.", "20879957": "The availability of molecular and genetic tools has made the mouse the most common animal model for a variety of human diseases in toxicology studies. However, little is known about the factors that will influence the dose delivery to murine lungs during an inhalation study. Among these factors are the respiratory tract anatomy, lung physiology, and clearance characteristics. Therefore, the objective of this paper is to briefly review the current knowledge on the aforementioned factors in mice and their implications to the dose delivered to mouse models during inhalation studies. Representative scientific publications were chosen from searches using the NCBI PubMed and ISI Web of Knowledge databases. Relevant respiratory physiological differences have been widely reported for different mouse strains and sexes. The limited data on anatomical morphometry that is available for the murine respiratory tract indicates significant differences between mouse strains. These differences have implications to the dose delivered and the biological outcomes of inhalation studies.", "21983222": "The design of an efficient and effective healthcare services is part of the design for healthy living. Contemporary models of health rely on a deeper involvement of the patient in the decision-making through the steps of the health journey. In these methods, the quality of practitioner-patient interaction is central to the successful processes and patient participation. The quality of these interactions and the ability of both medical practitioners and patients to reflect on each session is part of the design strategies for healthy living. Interactions rely on extensive, effective and empowering communication between practitioner and patient. The purpose of this work is to address the recognition of this importance, evidenced from the broad and diverse communication training for practitioners, by enabling the capture of information about the quality of these interactions. Captured information has to be encoded in a way that enables computer reasoning with it, as well as delivered to patients and practitioners in ways that allow quick interpretation from respective sides. We present the mechanics of the development of a visual language and analysis system enabling visual reasoning about the quality of interactions. The visual knowledge representation is designed based on aspects of human movement. Such design is justified from the fact that human possess implicit knowledge about human movement. The paper presents KIA (Kinetic Inter-Acting) encoding system that is the foundation of the visual language and respective visual analysis method. KIA enables both humans and machines to utilise information about how interactions unfold, which is necessary for practitioner-patient interaction. The paper concludes with discussion of KIA approach and technology in terms of the implications for designing for healthy living.", "20798047": "Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) is a serious systemic illness of unknown cause. A recent study identified DNA from a xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus (XMRV) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 68 of 101 patients (67%) by nested PCR, as compared with 8 of 218 (3.7%) healthy controls. However, four subsequent reports failed to detect any murine leukemia virus (MLV)-related virus gene sequences in blood of CFS patients. We examined 41 PBMC-derived DNA samples from 37 patients meeting accepted diagnostic criteria for CFS and found MLV-like virus gag gene sequences in 32 of 37 (86.5%) compared with only 3 of 44 (6.8%) healthy volunteer blood donors. No evidence of mouse DNA contamination was detected in the PCR assay system or the clinical samples. Seven of 8 gag-positive patients tested again positive in a sample obtained nearly 15 y later. In contrast to the reported findings of near-genetic identity of all XMRVs, we identified a genetically diverse group of MLV-related viruses. The gag and env sequences from CFS patients were more closely related to those of polytropic mouse endogenous retroviruses than to those of XMRVs and were even less closely related to those of ecotropic MLVs. Further studies are needed to determine whether the same strong association with MLV-related viruses is found in other groups of patients with CFS, whether these viruses play a causative role in the development of CFS, and whether they represent a threat to the blood supply.", "12761696": "We describe a new probabilistic method for finding haplotype blocks that is based on the use of the minimum description length (MDL) principle. We give a rigorous definition of the quality of a segmentation of a genomic region into blocks and describe a dynamic programming algorithm for finding the optimal segmentation with respect to this measure. We also describe a method for finding the probability of a block boundary for each pair of adjacent markers: this gives a tool for evaluating the significance of each block boundary. We have applied the method to the published data of Daly and colleagues. The results expose some problems that exist in the current methods for the evaluation of the significance of predicted block boundaries. Our method, MDL block finder, can be used to compare block borders in different sample sets, and we demonstrate this by applying the MDL-based method to define the block structure in chromosomes from population isolates.", "25295458": "To analyze the outcomes enabled by the neuromuscular electric stimulation in critically ill patients in intensive care unit assisted.", "18356840": "Metabolic syndrome (MS) is on the rise in youth. As high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) is associated with cardiovascular/metabolic disorders, we evaluated the association between MS and its components and hs-CRP in a sample of Brazilian overweight and obese youth.", "10820203": "The present experiments investigated the trafficking of the vesicular acetylcholine transporter (VAChT) tagged with the enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) in living cholinergic cells (SN56). The EGFP-VAChT chimera was located in endosomal-like compartments in the soma of SN56 cells, and it was also targeted to varicosities of neurites. In contrast, EGFP alone in cells was soluble in the cytoplasm. The C-terminal cytoplasmic tail of VAChT has been implicated in targeting of VAChT to synaptic vesicles; thus, we have examined the role of the C-terminal region in the trafficking to varicosities. A C-terminal fragment tagged with EGFP appeared to be selectively accumulated in varicosities when expressed in SN56 cells. Interestingly, the protein was not freely soluble in the cytosol, and it presented a punctate pattern of expression. However, EGFP-C terminus did not present this peculiar pattern of expression in a nonneuronal cell line (HEK 293). Moreover, the C-terminal region of VAChT did not seem to be essential for VAChT trafficking, as a construct that lacks the C-terminal tail was, similar to EGFP-VAChT, partially targeted to endocytic organelles in the soma and sorted to varicosities. These experiments visualize VAChT for the first time in living cells and suggest that there might be multiple signals that participate in trafficking of VAChT to sites of synaptic vesicle accumulation.", "16775809": "Ethanol and aqueous extracts of Machilus thunbergii Sieb et Zucc (Lauraceae) used traditionally for the treatment of a variety of diseases were screened in vitro for MMP-1 inhibitory actions. Meso-dihydroguaiaretic acid (MDGA) from the stem bark of M. thunbergii showed a significant inhibition of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-1 in primary human fibroblasts by heat shock-induced. This study investigated the effect of MDGA isolated from M. thunbergii on heat shock-induced premature skin aging. MDGA reduced the expression of MMP-1 at the protein level in a dose-dependent manner in heat shock-induced cultured primary human fibroblasts. Taken together, these results show that MDGA can prevent the harmful effects of heat (and/or IR) that lead to skin aging.", "19413639": "Delta-like ligand 4 (DLL4) is one of five known Notch ligands in mammals and interacts predominantly with Notch 1. DLL4 is induced by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and acts downstream of VEGF as a 'brake' on VEGF-induced vessel growth, forming an autoregulatory negative feedback loop inactivating VEGF. This action was believed to occur only in vascular development, raising hopes that DLL4 could be a specific drug target for controlling vessel growth in tumours and other pathological conditions. Our aim was to pursue this by raising a monoclonal antibody to the internal domain of DLL4 and assess its distribution in normal and malignant tissues in comparison with antibodies against the external domain of DLL4.", "19757704": "To determine the practices and knowledge of harmful effects regarding use of Chaalia and Pan Masala in three schools of Mahmoodabad and Chanesar Goth, Jamshed Town, Karachi, Pakistan.", "25664140": "We aim to detect the miRNAs that are correlated with the gastric cancer cell line SGC-7901 to provide theoretical basis for clinical application. We first analyzed miRNA expression profiles of gastric cancer patients compared with normal controls by microarray analysis and validated the results by real-time qPCR. We also determined the absolute copy numbers of these three miRNAs in normal adults. The results showed that three miRNAs (miR-150, miR-23a, and miR-130a) were identified to significantly decrease in expanded 38 gastric cancer patients compared with 90 normal controls. Molecular and statistical analysis showed that the decreased miRNAs were significant in clinical analysis. Generally speaking, this finding suggest vital roles of these miRNAs in human gastric cancer genesis and as potential biomarkers in gastric cancer diagnosis. ", "19372686": "Developing neurons pass through periods of sensitivity to environmental factors, e.g., alterations induced by ethanol are defined when the exposure occurs. We tested the hypothesis that timely episodic prenatal exposure to ethanol can change the lineage of cortical neurons. This study exploited mice in which many layer V neurons expressed a Thy1-YFPh transgene and endogenously fluoresced yellow. Fetuses were exposed to ethanol or saline on gestational day (G) 14 (when layer V neurons were generated) or on G 15 or 17 (when these layer V neurons were migrating). Fetuses dosed on G 14 exhibited an increased frequency of YFP+ neurons across cortex. This contrasted with a decreased frequency following ethanol exposure on G 17. Ethanol did not affect overall density of layer V neurons or their generation. Thus, the magnitude and valence of ethanol-induced changes in YFP+ neurons are time-dependent. Cell lineage is defined at the time of origin and the window of lability for this definition continues into the early post-mitotic (migratory) period.", "18381456": "Antigenically distinct tumor variants can emerge in response to selective pressures inherent to host-tumor interactions. The development of successful immunotherapeutic strategies can be limited by these disparate antigenic profiles. Using the immunomodulator B7-DC XAb to activate cytolytic T cells specific for tumor-associated antigens, we found that the specificity of immune responses elicited by live tumors are distinct from the specificity of the responses elicited by soluble proteins derived from the same tumors. Remarkably, whereas the induced antitumor immunity generated against live variants of the B16 melanoma and EL4 thymic lymphoma tumors were highly specific for the original tumor variant used in the challenge, immunity generated using soluble proteins derived from tumor lysates was broadly reactive, recognizing the challenge tumor, as well as antigenically distinct variants. The antigens detected using live tumor and tumor lysate vaccines could be distinguished biochemically, demonstrating that they are structurally distinct. We show that vaccines using antigens present in tumor cell lysates induce protective immunity with strong memory against distantly related tumor variants. The existence of a class of antigens shared among tumor variants provides an attractive target for vaccine development.", "16390818": "The primary objective of this study was to evaluate sodium caprate as an oral penetration enhancer for low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), ardeparin. In vitro studies using Caco-2 cell monolayer indicated that 0.0625% of sodium caprate gave approximately 2-fold enhancement of ardeparin compared to negative control with almost 100% cell survival as evaluated by MTT cytotoxicity assay. In vivo studies in rats with ardeparin (1,200 IU/kg) and sodium caprate (100 mg/kg) led to a relative bioavailability of 27% with plasma anti-factor Xa levels within the therapeutic range (>0.2 IU/ml). Moreover, under these conditions, histological examination provided evidence that there was no damage to the gastrointestinal wall. Regional permeability studies using rat intestine indicated the colon as the region of maximum permeation. These results suggest that, at the dose administered, sodium caprate acts as a relatively safe and efficient absorption enhancer in the quest for alternatives for the oral delivery of LMWH.", "25434797": "Dysfunction of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family, is the key process in tumorigenesis, and anti-EGFR therapeutic strategies such as cetuximab therapy now are used in the treatment of cancer. However, resistance to cetuximab is commonly reported. Comprehensive blockade of EGFR signaling using different antibodies might be critical to treat cancer effectively and limit drug resistance with potent novel mechanisms. Here, we launch a screen of a phage display library to isolate a novel anti-EGFR antibody, YAH627. YAH627 exhibits superior efficacy in inhibiting EGFR activation, particularly by blocking EGF/HRG-induced EGFR/HER3 heterodimerization and signaling, verifying it as an impressive candidate for clinical translation as a therapeutic antibody. Moreover, we use epitope analysis validates that the epitope of this antibody is within domains II and IV of EGFR and traps EGFR in a silent conformation. Moreover, combining YAH627 with cetuximab produces synergistic antitumor activity in vitro and in vivo. Taken together, our report establishes that YAH627 possesses a novel mechanism of action that, in combination with cetuximab, may achieve clinical efficacy in EGFR-driven cancers.", "27769522": "This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). The abstract authors and presenters of PS124 - EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF INDUCTION DOSING OF VEDOLIZUMAB FOR REDUCING BILIARY INFLAMMATION IN PRIMARY SCLEROSING CHOLANGITIS (PSC) IN INDIVIDUALS WITH INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE submitted and presented at ILC 2016 have raised concerns that the source data in some cases are inconsistent and requires further evaluation to determine the true magnitude of effect. Hence given the potential impact of this study in PSC at the authors request this abstract, until such time the data can be more completely presented in manuscript form, is being retracted.", "350903": "Insulin binding to monocytes and insulin action in vivo was examined in 14 obese subjects during the postabsorptive state and after starvation and refeeding. Tissue sensitivity to insulin was evaluated with the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The plasma insulin concentration is acutely raised and maintained 100 muU/ml above the fasting level, and plasma glucose is held constant by a variable glucose infusion. The amount of glucose infused is a measure of tissue sensitivity to insulin and averaged 285+/-15 mg/m(2) per min in controls compared to 136+/-13 mg/m(2) per min in obese subjects (P <0.001). (125)I-Insulin binding to monocytes averaged 8.3+/-0.4% in controls vs. 4.6+/-0.5% in obese subjects (P < 0.001). Insulin binding and insulin action were highly correlated in both control (r = 0.86, P < 0.001) and obese (r = 0.94, P < 0.001) groups. Studies employing tritiated glucose to measure glucose production indicated hepatic as well as extrahepatic resistance to insulin in obesity. After 3 and 14 days of starvation, insulin sensitivity in obese subjects decreased to 69+/-4 and 71+/-7 mg/m(2) per min, respectively, whereas (125)I-insulin binding increased to 8.8+/-0.7 and 9.0+/-0.4%. In contrast to the basal state, there was no correlation between insulin binding and insulin action. After refeeding, tissue sensitivity increased to 168+/-14 mg/m(2) per min (P < 0.001) whereas insulin binding fell to 5.0+/-0.3%. We conclude that (a) in the postabsorptive state insulin binding to monocytes provides an index of in vivo insulin action in nonobese and obese subjects and, (b) during starvation and refeeding, insulin binding and insulin action changes in opposite directions suggesting that postreceptor events determine in vivo insulin sensitivity.", "23853752": "A combined composition of the extracted powders from Hippocampus kuda and Rhizoma Homalomenae together with honey in a form of medical pill (named as BRONAS) for the treatment of asthma has thoroughly been investigated under this study. BRONAS has shown its high anti-inflammatory effects and strong inhibition upon the pathogenesis of asthma. In comparison with other treatments without using BRONAS, the restoration of patients' health was improved by a factor of 2-3.", "22108866": "We have used human specimens and antibodies to pERK1/2 to detect early development             of colon cancer, using indirect immunocytochemistry. Two distinct sites were stained;             one at the tip of the colon villi and the other in the stromal tissue, associated             with the colon tissue. These foci represent early stages of colon cancer initiation,             as established by enhanced KRAS, and lack of p53 staining. It should be noted,             however, that the enhanced KRAS coincides with the initiation of tumor growth             revealed by pERK1/2 only in the tip of the colon villi but not in the stromal             initiation site of the colon tumors. Interestingly, foci of pERK1/2 staining were             also detected within 50% of stromal tissue and tips of colon villi, that were             classified as normal tissues, distal from the malignant one according to general             morphology. The staining of pERK1/2 at the stromal foci of this apparently non-malignant             tissue appeared as aggregates at the perinuclear region, while at the colon epithelium,             it appeared at the cell nuclei. At low-grade of colon cancer, that was still free             of induced mutated p53, staining of pERK1/2 was prominent at the cell nuclei both             at the stroma tissue and the tip of the colon villi. In intermediate stage, that             exhibited a significant p53 staining, only a fraction of p53-free tumor cells             was labeled with pERK1/2 antibody, while in high-grade tumors, all cells of tumors             were labeled with antibodies to p53, but not with pERK1/2. We also found that             the cytoplasm of low-grade tumors was positive for epiregulin, while this labeling             decreased in high-grade tumors. Interestingly, we found that the tumors initiating             from the stroma demonstrated poor structural differentiation, while the tumors             initiating from the epithelial cells of the colon demonstrated high structural             differentiation. It is concluded that pERK1/2 is a sensitive early marker of colon             cancer, which disappears at later stages of cancer development. Moreover, pERK1/2             staining can distinguish between tumor cells originated from the tip of the colon             villi and those originated in the stroma, associated with the colon tissue, and             thus can assist in selecting the appropriate therapy.", "21625550": "Increasing evidence suggests that lycopene, the major carotenoid present in tomato, may be preventive against smoke-induced cell damage. However, the mechanisms of such a prevention are still unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of lycopene on the production of the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-8 induced by cigarette smoke and the possible mechanisms implicated. Therefore, human THP-1 macrophages were exposed to cigarette smoke extract (CSE), alone and following a 6-h pre-treatment with lycopene (0.5-2 \u00b5M). CSE enhanced IL-8 production in a time- and a dose-dependent manner. Lycopene pre-treatment resulted in a significant inhibition of CSE-induced IL-8 expression at both mRNA and protein levels. NF-kB controlled the transcription of IL-8 induced by CSE, since PDTC prevented such a production. Lycopene suppressed CSE-induced NF-kB DNA binding, NF-kB/p65 nuclear translocation and phosphorylation of IKK\u03b1 and IkB\u03b1. Such an inhibition was accompanied by a decrease in CSE-induced ROS production and NOX-4 expression. Lycopene further inhibited CSE-induced phosphorylation of the redox-sensitive ERK1/2, JNK and p38 MAPKs. Moreover, the carotenoid increased PPAR\u03b3 levels which, in turn, enhanced PTEN expression and decreased pAKT levels in CSE-exposed cells. Such effects were abolished by the PPAR\u03b3 inhibitor GW9662. Taken together, our data indicate that lycopene prevented CSE-induced IL-8 production through a mechanism involving an inactivation of NF-kB. NF-kB inactivation was accompanied by an inhibition of redox signalling and an activation of PPAR\u03b3 signalling. The ability of lycopene in inhibiting IL-8 production, NF-kB/p65 nuclear translocation, and redox signalling and in increasing PPAR\u03b3 expression was also found in isolated rat alveolar macrophages exposed to CSE. These findings provide novel data on new molecular mechanisms by which lycopene regulates cigarette smoke-driven inflammation in human macrophages.", "19036880": "We recently found that plasma membrane phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP(2))-regulated filamentous actin (F-actin) polymerization was diminished in hyperinsulinemic cell culture models of insulin resistance. Here we delineated whether increased glucose flux through the hexosamine biosynthesis pathway (HBP) causes the PIP(2)/F-actin dysregulation and insulin resistance induced by hyperinsulinemia. Increased HBP activity was detected in 3T3-L1 adipocytes cultured under conditions closely resembling physiological hyperinsulinemia (5 nm insulin for 12 h) and in cells where HBP activity was amplified by 2 mm glucosamine (GlcN). Both the physiological hyperinsulinemia and experimental GlcN challenge induced comparable losses of PIP(2) and F-actin. In addition to protecting against the insulin-induced membrane/cytoskeletal abnormality and insulin-resistant state, exogenous PIP(2) corrected the GlcN-induced insult on these parameters. Moreover, in accordance with HBP flux directly weakening PIP(2)/F-actin structure, inhibition of the rate-limiting HBP enzyme (glutamine:fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase) restored PIP(2)-regulated F-actin structure and insulin responsiveness. Conversely, overexpression of glutamine:fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase was associated with a loss of detectable plasma membrane PIP(2) and insulin sensitivity. A slight decrease in intracellular ATP resulted from amplifying HBP by hyperinsulinemia and GlcN. However, experimental maintenance of the intracellular ATP pool under both conditions with inosine did not reverse the PIP(2)/F-actin-based insulin-resistant state. Furthermore, less invasive challenges with glucose, in the absence of insulin, also led to PIP(2)/F-actin dysregulation. Accordingly, we suggest that the functionality of cell systems dependent on PIP(2) and/or F-actin status, such as the glucose transport system, can be critically compromised by inappropriate HBP activity.", "18193107": "An intracellular glucose oxidase was isolated from the mycelium extract of a locally isolated strain of Aspergillus niger UAF-1. The enzyme was purified to a yield of 28.43% and specific activity of 135 U mg(-1) through ammonium sulfate precipitation, anion exchange and gel filtration chromatography. The enzyme showed high affinity for D-glucose with a Km value of 2.56 mM. The enzyme exhibited optimum catalytic activity at pH 5.5. Temperature optimum for glucose oxidase, catalyzed D-glucose oxidation was 40 degrees C. The enzyme showed a high thermostability having a half-life 30 min, enthalpy of denaturation 99.66 kJ mol(-1) and free energy of denaturation 103.63 kJ mol(-1). These characteristics suggest the use of glucose oxidase from Aspergillus niger UAF-1 as an analytical reagent and in the design of biosensors for clinical, biochemical and diagnostic assays.", "23624419": "We evaluated the positive effects of vildagliptin in addition to metformin on glycemic control and \u03b2-cell function in type 2 diabetic patients. One hundred and seventy-one type 2 diabetic patients were instructed to add vildaglipin 50mg twice a day or placebo to metformin for 12 months. Body mass index (BMI), glycemic control, fasting plasma insulin (FPI), HOMA-IR, HOMA-\u03b2, fasting plasma proinsulin (FPPr), proinsulin/fasting plasma insulin ratio (Pr/FPI ratio), C-peptide, glucagon, vaspin, visfatin, and omentin-1 were evaluated. Before, and after 12 months since the addition of vildagliptin, patients underwent a combined euglycemic hyperinsulinemic and hyperglycemic clamp, with subsequent arginine stimulation. Vildagliptin+metformin were more effective than placebo+metformin in reducing body weight and BMI, glycemic control, HOMA-IR, glucagon and insulin resistance measurements. Vildagliptin+metformin gave also a better increase of HOMA-\u03b2, and of all \u03b2-cell parameters after the clamp. We also recorded a significant correlation between M value increase and the decrease of vaspin, visfatin, and omentin-1 obtained with vildagliptin+metformin. Vildagliptin, in addition to metformin, proved to be effective in improving \u03b2-cell function and in reducing insulin resistance measurements.", "15833829": "Human adult stem cells are being evaluated widely for various therapeutic approaches. Several recent clinical trials have reported their safety, showing them to be highly resistant to transformation. The clear similarities between stem cell and cancer stem cell genetic programs are nonetheless the basis of a recent proposal that some cancer stem cells could derive from human adult stem cells. Here we show that although they can be managed safely during the standard ex vivo expansion period (6-8 weeks), human mesenchymal stem cells can undergo spontaneous transformation following long-term in vitro culture (4-5 months). This is the first report of spontaneous transformation of human adult stem cells, supporting the hypothesis of cancer stem cell origin. Our findings indicate the importance of biosafety studies of mesenchymal stem cell biology to efficiently exploit their full clinical therapeutic potential.", "15547111": "Methyltransferase inhibitors commonly used in clinical trials promote tumor cell death, but their detailed cytotoxic action is not yet fully understood. A deeper knowledge about their apotosis-inducing mechanisms and their interaction with DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) DNMT1, DNMT3a, and DNMT3b might allow the design of more effective drugs with lower cytotoxicity. 5-aza-cytidine (5-aza-CR), a potent inhibitor of DNMT1, is known to induce demethylation and reactivation of silenced genes. In this study, we investigated the p53 dependence of apoptotic, cell cycle, and growth inhibitory effects of 5-aza-CR, as well as the influence on the expression level of DNMT1, DNMT3a, and DNMT3b in the colon cancer cell line HCT-116. Exposure to 5-aza-CR induced the up-regulation of genes promoting cell cycle arrest and DNA repair (p21(WAF1) and GADD45) or apoptosis (p53, RIPK2, Bak1, caspase 5, and caspase 6). In parallel, there was a down-regulation of antiapoptotic Bcl2 protein and the G(2)/M-mediator cyclin B1. Co-incubation with pifithrin-alpha (PFT-alpha), a selective p53 inhibitor, restored GADD45, Bcl2, cyclin B1, and p21(WAF1) expression levels and almost completely reversed the growth inhibitory, cell cycle, and apoptotic effects of 5-aza-CR. 5-aza-CR treatment caused global demethylation and reactivation of p16(INK4) expression. There was a marked decrease in DNMT1 and DNMT3a mRNA expression, with PFT-alpha reversing these effects. However, 5-aza-CR treatment did not modulate DNMT3b expression. Our data demonstrate that 5-aza-CR action in HCT-116 is mediated by p53 and its downstream effectors p21(WAF1) and GADD45. This is the first report to show a link between p53 and regulation of DNMT1 and de novo methyltransferase DNMT3a.", "26229488": "Nucleostemin (NS) is a new protein localized in the nucleolus of most stem cells and tumor cells, which regulates their self-renewal and cell cycle progression. The aim of this study was to investigate the expression of NS in colorectal cancer (CRC) and the effects of NS knockdown in the Sw620 cell line to provide basis for clinical target therapy.", "22215414": "Human papillomavirus (HPV-16) E6 proteins inhibit apoptosis in both p53-dependent and p53-independent manners. So it was relevant to assess the impact of such infection on head and neck cancers and its relation to the inhibitors of apoptosis (IAPs). CIAP2 is one of these IAPs that is postulated to upregulated by E6 proteins of HPV-16 by amplification of the locus bearing it in many tissues. In this study, we aimed to search for the amplification of the locus bearing CIAP-2 and its relation to HPV-16 in head and neck cancer that may have prognostic and therapeutic impacts on these patients. Total 30 patients diagnosed as head and neck cancer (2 tissue samples were taken from each patient: from the tumor and from the safety margin). All samples were subjected to qualitative polymerase chain reaction analysis for HPV-16 and qualitative and semiquantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction of CIAP-2. There was a significant association between HPV-16 and CIAP2 positivity and head and neck tumors (P=0.01). CIAP-2 expression in malignant tissues was highly associated with HPV-16 infection with 73.9% sensitivity and absolute specificity.", "22051579": "To investigate the association between regional brain oxygen saturation (rSO(2)) on hospital arrival and neurological outcomes at hospital discharge in patients with out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (OHCA).", "27155204": "Anti-ribosomal-phosphoprotein antibodies (anti-Ribos.P Abs) are detected in 10-45% of NPSLE patients. Intracerebroventricular administration of anti-ribosomal-P Abs induces depression-like behaviour in mice. We aimed to discern the mechanism by which anti-Ribos.P Abs induce behavioural changes in mice.", "27548421": "Perineal lacerations are a common occurrence with vaginal delivery. Although perineal lacerations are tracked easily from coding data, there are a variety of problems with using rates of such tears as a quality measure. The rate of severe perineal lacerations should not be used as a measure of obstetric quality for the following three reasons: 1) third-degree and fourth-degree perineal lacerations may not be defined uniformly; 2) severe perineal lacerations are associated strongly with nonmodifiable risk factors; and 3) diminishing the use of operative vaginal delivery, in an effort to decrease severe perineal lacerations, likely would result in an increased rate of cesarean delivery. Measuring the rate of episiotomy with unassisted vaginal deliveries is an alternative candidate for quality measurement, but it requires validation before widespread implementation.", "16087821": "A high incidence of fractures, particularly of the hip, represents an important problem in patients with Alzheimer disease (AD), who are prone to falls and have osteoporosis. We previously found that deficiency of 25-hydroxyvitamin D and compensatory hyperparathyroidism cause reduced bone mineral density in female patients with AD. We address the possibility that treatment with risedronate sodium and ergocalciferol plus calcium supplementation may reduce the incidence of nonvertebral fractures in elderly women with AD.", "16087822": "There is a high incidence of hip fractures in patients after hemiplegic stroke. Bone mineral density is decreased on the hemiplegic side in patients after stroke, correlating with the immobilization-induced bone resorption, the degree of paralysis, and hypovitaminosis D. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of risedronate sodium, an inhibitor of bone resorption, on osteoporosis and the risk of hip fractures in men 65 years or older after stroke.", "17890064": "The Ten-a gene of Drosophila melanogaster encodes several alternative variants of a full length member of the Odz/Tenm protein family. A number of Ten-a mutants created by inexact excisions of a resident P-element insertion are embryonic lethal, but show no pair-rule phenotype. In contrast, these mutants, and deficiencies removing Ten-a, do enhance the segmentation phenotype of a weak allele of the paralog gene odz (or Ten-m) to the odz amorphic phenotype. Germ line clone derived Ten-a(-) embryos display a pair-rule phenotype which phenocopies that of odz. Post segmentation eye patterning phenotypes of Ten-a mutants establish it as a pleiotropic patterning co-partner of odz.", "25484052": "Amino acid-specific covalent labeling is well suited to probe protein structure and macromolecular interactions, especially for macromolecules and their complexes that are difficult to examine by alternative means, due to size, complexity, or instability. Here we present a detailed account of carbodiimide-based covalent labeling (with GEE tagging) applied to a glycosylated monoclonal antibody therapeutic, which represents an important class of biologic drugs. Characterization of such proteins and their antigen complexes is essential to development of new biologic-based medicines. In this study, the experiments were optimized to preserve the structural integrity of the protein, and experimental conditions were varied and replicated to establish the reproducibility and precision of the technique. Homology-based models were generated and used to compare the solvent accessibility of the labeled residues, which include D, E, and the C-terminus, against the experimental surface accessibility data in order to understand the accuracy of the approach in providing an unbiased assessment of structure. Data from the protein were also compared to reactivity measures of several model peptides to explain sequence or structure-based variations in reactivity. The results highlight several advantages of this approach. These include: the ease of use at the bench top, the linearity of the dose response plots at high levels of labeling (indicating that the label does not significantly perturb the structure of the protein), the high reproducibility of replicate experiments (<2 % variation in modification extent), the similar reactivity of the 3 target probe residues (as suggested by analysis of model peptides), and the overall positive and significant correlation of reactivity and solvent accessible surface area (the latter values predicted by the homology modeling). Attenuation of reactivity, in otherwise solvent accessible probes, is documented as arising from the effects of positive charge or bond formation between adjacent amine and carboxyl groups, the latter accompanied by observed water loss. The results are also compared with data from hydroxyl radical-mediated oxidative footprinting on the same protein, showing that complementary information is gained from the 2 approaches, although the number of target residues in carbodiimide/GEE labeling is fewer. Overall, this approach is an accurate and precise method for assessing protein structure of biologic drugs. ", "27605782": "A survey was carried out to investigate the prevalence of hard tick species (Acari: Ixodidae) on cattle and sheep north of Iran. The aim of study was to determine the prevalence of hard ticks on cattle and sheep in the mountainous areas of Golestan province and their geographical distribution. A total of 26 ticks were collected from 22 infested cattle and 26 ticks were collected from 12 infested sheep during activating seasons of ticks in 2013-2014. The species collected from cattle and sheep were Hyalomma marginatum, Hyalomma anatolicum, Hyalomma asiaticum, Rhipicephalus bursa and Rhipicephalus sanguineus. The results show that these are dominant tick species in the surveyed area.", "21043993": "Coumarins are natural substances found in a variety of plants. It is well known that plant-derived natural products are extensively used as biologically active compounds. Among them, coumarins were the first preservatives used by man, originally in their natural state within plant tissues and then as natural materials obtained by water distillation. During our search for new types of coumarin derivatives possessing a larvicidal activity, we investigated the synthesis of 4-hydroxycoumarin derivatives.", "20175642": "The methanolic extract of the leaves of Chinese Hawthorn was investigated for its activity against chloroquine-sensitive strains of Plasmodium falciparum using the method of parasite lactate dehydrogenase assay. Four oligomeric procyanidins, such as epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin (1), epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21926)-epicatechin (2), epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21926)-epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin (3), and epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928)-epicatechin-(4\u03b2\u21928) (4), were isolated and evaluated for in vitro antiplasmodial activity, as well as for their cytotoxic potential on SK-OV-3 cancer cell lines. Three procyanidins showed notable growth inhibitory activity against chloroquine-sensitive strains of P. falciparum with IC(50) values of 2.7 \u03bcM (SI values of >55.5). The compounds showed no significant cytotoxicity (IC(50) > 150\u2009\u03bcM) toward the SK-OV-3 cancer cell line. This is the first report on the antiplasmodial activity of these oligomeric procyanidins from Chinese Hawthorn.", "26165557": "Little is known presently about the effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) on the longitudinal bone growth occurring in the growth plate. We have examined the effects of administration of different types of NSAIDs on the longitudinal growth of the growth plate using a fetal rat metatarsal bone culture model.", "19381036": "Mirtazapine is a noradrenergic and specific serotonergic antidepressant(NaSSA). Some studies reported that mirtazapine has a receptor-binding profile that may be suitable for use in controlling appetite loss and nausea of cancer patients. We examined its efficacy for these symptoms in 9 cases administered mirtazapine for 9 days. After administration for 4-6 days, the efficacy of nausea was shown at 15 mg of the initial dosage; it was particularly useful in a mild stage. However, its efficacy for appetite loss was not clear for these cases. This study was performed by an open trial. Because of the small number of cases and follow-up period, future study is awaited.", "24304430": "Given the large proportion of daily calories attributable to fast food, there is growing interest in considering whether ordinances that restrict calories in kids' meals with toy giveaways could avert weight gain among children.", "23558964": "The CYP2D6 gene has been suggested to play an important role in the pathogenesis of lung cancer. However, the results have been inconsistent. In this study, we performed a meta-analysis to clarify the association of CYP2D6 T188C variant with lung cancer. Published literature from PubMed, Embase, Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure and Wanfang data were retrieved. Pooled odds ratio (OR) with 95 % confidence interval (CI) was calculated using fixed- or random-effects model. A total of nine studies (1,516 lung cancer cases and 1,950 controls) for CYP2D6 T188C variant were included in the meta-analysis. The meta-analysis indicated that compared with CYP2D6 TT genotype, non-TT genotype (CC or CT) was significantly associated with lung cancer in the Chinese (OR = 1.61, 95 % CI = 1.38-1.87, p < 0.001), with no evidence of between-study heterogeneity (I (2) = 0.0 %, p = 0.991). The sensitivity analysis indicated that the association was stable and no publication bias was detected. The present meta-analysis supported the positive association of CYP2D6 T188C variant with lung cancer in the Chinese. Further large-scale studies with the consideration for gene-gene/gene-environment interactions should be conducted to investigate the association.", "24116023": "N-Methyl-4-nitroaniline (MNA) is used as an additive to lower the melting temperature of energetic materials in the synthesis of insensitive explosives. Although the biotransformation of MNA under anaerobic condition has been reported, its aerobic microbial degradation has not been documented yet. A soil microcosms study showed the efficient aerobic degradation of MNA by the inhabitant soil microorganisms. An aerobic bacterium, Pseudomonas sp. strain FK357, able to utilize MNA as the sole carbon, nitrogen, and energy source, was isolated from soil microcosms. HPLC and GC-MS analysis of the samples obtained from growth and resting cell studies showed the formation of 4-nitroaniline (4-NA), 4-aminophenol (4-AP), and 1, 2, 4-benzenetriol (BT) as major metabolic intermediates in the MNA degradation pathway. Enzymatic assay carried out on cell-free lysates of MNA grown cells confirmed N-demethylation reaction is the first step of MNA degradation with the formation of 4-NA and formaldehyde products. Flavin-dependent transformation of 4-NA to 4-AP in cell extracts demonstrated that the second step of MNA degradation is a monooxygenation. Furthermore, conversion of 4-AP to BT by MNA grown cells indicates the involvement of oxidative deamination (release of NH2 substituent) reaction in third step of MNA degradation. Subsequent degradation of BT occurs by the action of benzenetriol 1, 2-dioxygenase as reported for the degradation of 4-nitrophenol. This is the first report on aerobic degradation of MNA by a single bacterium along with elucidation of metabolic pathway. ", "15661884": "Humans and mice with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and related autoimmune diseases have reduced numbers of NK T cells. An association between NK T cell deficiency and autoimmune disease has been identified. However, the mechanisms for reduction of NK T cell number in patients with SLE are unknown. In the present study we report that NK T cells from active SLE patients are highly sensitive to anti-CD95-induced apoptosis compared with those from normal subjects and inactive SLE patients. CD226 expression is deficient on NK T cells from active SLE patients. The expression of one antiapoptotic member protein, survivin, is found to be selectively deficient in freshly isolated NK T cells from active SLE patients. CD226 preactivation significantly up-regulates survivin expression and activation, which can rescue active SLE NK T cells from anti-CD95-induced apoptosis. In transfected COS7 cells, we confirm that anti-CD95-mediated death signals are inhibited by activation of the CD226 pathway through stabilization of caspase-8 and caspase-3 and through activation of survivin. We therefore conclude that deficient expression of CD226 and survivin in NK T cells from active SLE is a molecular base of high sensitivity of the cells to anti-CD95-induced apoptosis. These observations offer a potential explanation for high apoptotic sensitivity of NK T cells from active SLE, and provide a new insight into the mechanism of reduction of NK T cell number in SLE and understanding the association between NK T cell deficiency and autoimmune diseases.", "22526781": "Multidrug resistance is a major barrier in the battle against tuberculosis and still a leading cause of death worldwide. In order to fight this pathogen, two routes are practicable: vaccination or drug treatment. Vaccination against Mycobacterium tuberculosis with the current vaccine Mycobacterium bovis Bacillus Calmette-Guerin is partially successful, being its efficacy variable. A few new tuberculosis vaccines are now in various phases of clinical trials. The emergence of multidrug-resistant strains of M. tuberculosis gave the impulse to discover new effective antitubercular drugs, a few of which are in clinical development. Here we focus on three different classes of very promising antitubercular drugs recently discovered (benzothiazinones, dinitrobenzamides, and benzoquinoxalines) that share the same cellular target: a subunit of the heteromeric decaprenylphosphoryl-\u03b2-D: -ribose 2'-epimerase, encoded by the dprE1 (or Rv3790) gene. This enzyme is involved in the biosynthesis of D: -arabinose which is crucial for the synthesis of the mycobacterial cell wall and essential for the pathogen's survival.", "26566453": "Shiga-toxigenic Escherichia coli is an important human pathogen cause of diarrhea, hemorrhagic colitis, hemolytic uremic syndrome and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in humans is a significant public health.", "15276867": "Human T-cell lymphotrophic virus type-1 (HTLV-1) is a retrovirus which causes adult T-cell leukemia (ATL), an aggressive malignancy of activated T-cells. So far, there is no proven therapy for this disease. The compound 2-benzoyl-3-phenyl-6,7-dichloro quinoxaline 1,4-dioxide (DCQ) has been shown to exhibit a wide range of antibacterial activities and to induce antiproliferation and apoptosis of human colon cancer cell lines. In the present study, we investigated the in vitro effects of DCQ in HTLV-1 positive (C91-PL and HuT-102) and negative (CEM and Jurkat) malignant T-cells. The results indicate that DCQ induced growth inhibition in all four cell lines examined in a dose-dependent manner. The inhibitory effect was mainly due to the induction of apoptosis which was verified by flow cytometry analyses and ELISA-based apoptosis assays. The role of transforming growth factor (TGF) in mediating the antiproliferative and apoptotic effects of DCQ in ATL cells was investigated. Interestingly, in three of the four cell lines used, DCQ increased the TGF-beta1 transcript levels and decreased TGF-alpha mRNA, but did not induce changes in TGF-beta2 expression. DCQ treatment also induced an upregulation of p53 and p21 protein levels, key mediators of cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. The anti-apoptotic Bcl-2alpha protein level was found to be reduced. These findings indicate that DCQ inhibits the growth of ATL cell lines, at least in part, by inducing apoptosis mediated by the modulation of TGF expression, the upregulation in p53 and p21 proteins and downregulation in Bcl-2alpha expression. The present findings suggest that DCQ merits further investigation as a potential therapeutic agent for this incurable disease.", "15489860": "Pten is an important phosphatase, suppressing the phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase/Akt pathway. Here, we generated adipose-specific Pten-deficient (AdipoPten-KO) mice, using newly generated Acdc promoter-driven Cre transgenic mice. AdipoPten-KO mice showed lower body and adipose tissue weights despite hyperphagia and enhanced insulin sensitivity with induced phosphorylation of Akt in adipose tissue. AdipoPten-KO mice also showed marked hyperthermia and increased energy expenditure with induced mitochondriagenesis in adipose tissue, associated with marked reduction of p53, inactivation of Rb, phosphorylation of cyclic AMP response element binding protein (CREB) and increased expression of Ppargc1a, the gene that encodes peroxisome proliferative activated receptor gamma coactivator 1 alpha. Physiologically, adipose Pten mRNA decreased with exposure to cold and increased with obesity, which were linked to the mRNA alterations of mitochondriagenesis. Our results suggest that altered expression of adipose Pten could regulate insulin sensitivity and energy expenditure. Suppression of adipose Pten may become a beneficial strategy to treat type 2 diabetes and obesity.", "25738055": "The aim of this study was to compare the image quality of magnetic resonance Cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) using Pineapple Juice (PJ) or ranitidine as negative oral contrast agents and no agent.", "11108151": "The signaling cascade elicited by angiotensin II (Ang II) resembles that characteristic of growth factor, and recent evidence indicates transactivation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGF-R) by G protein-coupled receptors. Here, we report the involvement of EGF-R in Ang II-induced synthesis of fibronectin and TGF-beta in cardiac fibroblasts. Ang II stimulated fibronectin mRNA levels dose-dependently with a maximal increase (approximately 5-fold) observed after 12 h of incubation. Ang II-, or calcium ionophore-induced fibronectin synthesis was completely abolished by tyrosine kinase inhibitors and intracellular Ca2+ chelating agents. Ang II-induced fibronectin mRNA was not affected by PKC inhibitors or PKC depletion, whereas specific inhibition of EGF-R function by a dominant negative EGF-R mutant and tyrphostin AG1478 abolished induction of fibronectin mRNA. We isolated the rat fibronectin gene including the 5'-flanking region and found that the AP-1 binding site present in the promoter region was responsible for the Ang II responsiveness of this gene. Gel retardation assay revealed the binding of nuclear protein to the AP-1 site, which was supershifted with anti-c-fos and anti-c-jun but not anti-ATF-2 antibodies. Conditioned medium from Ang II-treated cells contained TGF-beta bioactivity and addition of neutralizing TGF-beta antibody modestly (46%) inhibited induction of fibronectin. Ang II-induced synthesis of TGF-beta was also abolished by inhibition of EGF-R function. The effect of TGF-beta was exerted by stabilizing fibronectin mRNA without affecting the promoter activity and required de novo protein synthesis. We concluded that Ang II-induced expression of fibronectin and TGF-beta is mediated by downstream signaling of EGF-R transactivated by Ca2+-dependent tyrosine kinase, and that Ang II-induced fibronectin mRNA expression is regulated by two different mechanisms; transcriptional control by binding of c-fos/c-jun complex to the AP-1 site, and post-transcriptional control by mRNA stabilization due to autocrine and/or paracrine effects of TGF-beta. Thus, this study suggested that the action of Ang II on extracellular matrix formation should be interpreted in association with the EGF-R signaling cascade.", "7543632": "Autolymphocyte therapy (ALT) is adoptive cellular therapy of neoplastic disease based upon ex vivo activation of lymphocytes by either the supernatant derived from a previously prepared one-way mixed lymphocyte culture (MLC) or using low doses of the mitogenic monoclonal antibody OKT3 and a mixture of previously prepared cytokines (T3CS). We have previously demonstrated that nonspecific ex vivo activation of splenocytes from murine tumor-bearing hosts (TBH) using an MLC-supernatant or T3CS without the use of tumor antigen results in the expansion of the CD44+ (memory) T-cell subset. These CD44+ T-cells are the principal mediators of anti-tumor specificity in the ALT-cell population in advanced metastatic murine tumors and are able to protect against tumor challenge in healthy syngeneic mice (HSM). To determine if ALT is effective in an adjuvant setting, C57BL/6J splenocytes from HSM and TBH with B16 melanoma or Lewis lung (3LL) carcinoma were activated ex vivo using T3CS. Mice were implanted with either B16 melanoma or 3LL carcinoma and then underwent surgical excision of tumor. Tumor-excised mice (TEM) then received small numbers (10(6)) of ALT-cells derived from 3LL-TBH or B16-TBH splenocytes, HSM-derived ALT-cells, fresh splenocytes derived from 3LL-TBH or B16-TBH, or CD44-depleted ALT-cells. Significant anti-tumor activity as shown by prolonged survival (Day 100), cure of disease, and rejection of a local and systemic tumor rechallenge was demonstrated in 3LL-TEM that received B16-derived ALT-cells.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)", "10853206": "This study was undertaken to evaluate the efficacy of subhypnotic doses of propofol for the prevention of nausea and vomiting in parturients undergoing caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia. In a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled manner, 60 patients received intravenously lignocaine 0.1 mg/kg (for injection pain relief) followed by either placebo (Intralipid) or propofol at subhypnotic dose (1.0 mg/kg/h) (n = 30 of each) immediately after clamping of the fetal umbilical cord. Emetic episodes and safety assessments were performed during spinal anesthesia for caesarean section. The incidence of patients who were emesis-free in the intraoperative, post-delivery period was 37% with placebo and 77% with propofol, respectively (P = 0.001). No clinically important adverse events were observed in either group. In conclusion, a subhypnotic dose (1.0 mg/kg/h) of propofol is effective for preventing nausea and vomiting in parturients undergoing caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia.", "10066780": "Cdx2 encodes for a homeodomain protein that is expressed in intestinal epithelial cells. The Cdx2 protein triggers intestinal differentiation in cell lines and is necessary for maintenance of the intestinal phenotype in mice. CBP (cAMP response element-binding protein) is a transcriptional co-activator that interacts with many transcription factors and components of the basal transcriptional machinery. In this study, we demonstrate that CBP is markedly induced upon differentiation of the Caco-2 intestinal cell line and augments Cdx2-dependent transcriptional activity. Cdx2 interacts with the amino-terminal domain of CBP, and the two proteins coexist in vivo within the same nuclear protein complex. Moreover, expression of the CBP domain that interacts with Cdx2 acts as a dominant-negative inhibitor of transcriptional activation by Cdx2. These findings demonstrate a direct interaction between an intestinal homeodomain protein and CBP and suggest that CBP participates in the network of transcriptional proteins that direct intestinal differentiation.", "23960431": "The intravenous administration of propofol and fentanyl has become a common practice in a variety of clinical settings including outpatient dermatologic, cosmetic and oral surgery. The combination provides both systematic sedation and analgesia with low incidence of unwanted side effects. The cardiogenic shock is very uncommon in healthy individuals. The cardiovascular depressive effect of propofol and fentanyl has been well established, but the development of cardiogenic shock is very rare when these drugs are used together. Hence the awareness of this effect is advantageous to the patients undergoing such surgeries. ", "23649140": "In a randomized controlled trial, a daily Oral Vitamin D supplementation was given in dose of 2000 IU for Group A, 1000 IU for Group B , 500 IU for Group C and placebo for Group D over 3 months period to assess the anti-inflammatory effect of vitamin D on gingivitis at various doses. The changes in gingival scores were measured at the period of 1 st , 2 nd and 3 rd month. Gingivitis score changed in direct proportion to the dose of vitamin D supplementation. Group A mean gingival scores were 2.4 (baseline); 1.7 (1 st month), 0.8 (2 nd month) and 0.3 (3 rd month). The group B the mean baseline gingival score from 2.3 reduced to 2.0 (month), 1.1 (two months) and 0.5 (third month). Group C had baseline gingival scores of 2.2 and 1.9 (1 st month), 1.4 (2 nd month) and 0.8 (last visit). Comparing baseline gingivitis scores with later visit score by Wilcoxon paired test, the anti-inflammatory effect was significantly seen in group A after one month itself, group B at two months and group C at 3 rd month after oral vitamin D supplementation. However, Group D did not show any significant anti-inflammatory effect.", "23346038": "In this study, fosmid cloning strategies were used to assess the microbial populations in water from the International Space Station (ISS) drinking water system (henceforth referred to as Prebiocide and Tank A water samples). The goals of this study were: to compare the sensitivity of the fosmid cloning strategy with that of traditional culture-based and 16S rRNA-based approaches and to detect the widest possible spectrum of microbial populations during the water purification process. Initially, microbes could not be cultivated, and conventional PCR failed to amplify 16S rDNA fragments from these low biomass samples. Therefore, randomly primed rolling-circle amplification was used to amplify any DNA that might be present in the samples, followed by size selection by using pulsed-field gel electrophoresis. The amplified high-molecular-weight DNA from both samples was cloned into fosmid vectors. Several hundred clones were randomly selected for sequencing, followed by Blastn/Blastx searches. Sequences encoding specific genes from Burkholderia, a species abundant in the soil and groundwater, were found in both samples. Bradyrhizobium and Mesorhizobium, which belong to rhizobia, a large community of nitrogen fixers often found in association with plant roots, were present in the Prebiocide samples. Ralstonia, which is prevalent in soils with a high heavy metal content, was detected in the Tank A samples. The detection of many unidentified sequences suggests the presence of potentially novel microbial fingerprints. The bacterial diversity detected in this pilot study using a fosmid vector approach was higher than that detected by conventional 16S rRNA gene sequencing.", "20568951": "The leaves of Zingiber officinale Roscoe were extracted and the major essential oil composition and immunotoxicity effects were studied. The analyses were conducted by gas chromatography and mass spectroscopy (GC-MS) revealed that the essential oils of Z. officinale leaves. The Z. officinale essential oil yield was 0.26%, and GC/MS analysis revealed that its major constituents were Camphene (5.26%), Phellandrene (6.58%), Zingiberene (36.48%), Geranial (4.32%), \u03b2-gurjunene (2.74%), and Citronellol \u03b2-sesguiphellandrene (12.31%). The essential oil had a significant toxic effect against early fourth-stage larvae of Aedes aegypti L with an LC(50) value of 46.38\u2009ppm and an LC(90) value of 84.32\u2009ppm. Also, Camphene (\u226595.0%), Phellandrene (\u226595.0%), Zingiberene (\u226595.0%), Geranial (\u226595.0%), \u03b2-gurjunene (\u226597.0%), and Citronellol (\u226595.0%) were tested against the F21 laboratory strain of A. aegypti. Zingiberene (\u226595.0%) and Citronellol (\u226595.0%) have medium activity with an LC(50) value of 99.55\u2009ppm and 141.45\u2009ppm. This indicates that other major compounds may play a more important role in the toxicity of essential oil.", "16882552": "Zonula occludens toxin (Zot) is an enterotoxin obtained from the bacterium vibrio cholerae that has been shown to reversibly and safely open the tight junctions and enhance paracellular transport. AT1002 is a novel synthetic hexapeptide derived from Zot. The hypothesis to be tested in this study is that AT1002 enhances the oral absorption of ardeparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH). To test this hypothesis, drug transport through Caco-2 cell monolayers was monitored in the presence and absence of AT1002. Regional permeability studies using rat intestine were performed. Cell viability in the presence of various concentrations of enhancer was determined. The absorption of ardeparin after oral administration in rats was measured by anti-factor Xa assay. Furthermore, the eventual mucosal and epithelial damage was histologically evaluated. Higher ardeparin permeability (approximately 2-fold) compared to control was observed in the presence of 0.025% of AT1002. Regional permeability studies revealed that the permeability of ardeparin across the duodenal membrane was improved by the AT1002. Cell viability studies showed no significant cytotoxicity below 0.0028% of AT1002. In the presence of 100 microg/kg of AT1002, ardeparin oral bioavailability was significantly increased (F(relative/s.c) approximately 20.5%). Furthermore, AT1002 at a dose of 100 microg/kg did not induce any observable morphological damage on gastrointestinal (GI) tissues in vivo. These in vivo and in vitro results suggest that the co-administration of LMWH with AT1002 may be a useful delivery strategy to increase its permeability and hence oral absorption.", "15039353": "BmpA (P39) is an immunodominant chromosomally encoded Borrelia burgdorferi protein. The potential strong cross-reactivity of anti-BmpA antibodies with the other members of this paralogous protein family and the previous use of antibodies whose reactivity to the other Bmp proteins was uncharacterized have resulted in continued controversy over its localization in B. burgdorferi. In an effort to provide a definitive demonstration of the localization of BmpA, rabbit antibodies raised to recombinant BmpA (rBmpA) were rendered monospecific by absorption with rBmpB. This reagent did not react with rBmpB, rBmpC, or rBmpD in dot immunobinding, detected only a single 39-kDa band and a single 39-kDa, pI 5.0 spot on one- and two-dimensional immunoblots of B. burgdorferi lysates, respectively, and immunoprecipitated a single 39-kDa protein from these lysates. It detected BmpA in the Triton X-114-soluble and -insoluble fractions of B. burgdorferi, suggesting association with both inner and outer bacterial cell membranes. Treatment of intact B. burgdorferi with proteinase K partially digested BmpA, consistent with a limited surface exposure on the outer bacterial membrane, a suggestion confirmed by immunofluorescence of unfixed B. burgdorferi cultured in vitro and in vivo. Anti-rBmpA antibody was bacteriostatic for B. burgdorferi B31 in culture, again suggesting localization of BmpA on the exposed spirochetal outer surface. Surface localization of BmpA, growth inhibition by anti-rBmpA antibodies, and the previously reported conservation of bmpA in different B. burgdorferi sensu lato strains may indicate that BmpA plays an essential role in B. burgdorferi biology.", "12417916": "The fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe is a single cell eukaryotic organism. Taking advantage of the genetic simplicity of S.pombe and of the functional conservation of some salt tolerance-related proteins, this organism was used as a simple system to identify Arabidopsis thaliana salt-tolerance proteins by screening for cDNA clones that confer salt resistance when overexpressed. By this \"cross-phylogenetic\" screen, an A.thaliana gene was isolated encoding a glycine-rich protein, which was named AtGRP9. Overexpression of AtGRP9 in yeast cells led to significant increase in salt tolerance of the yeast strain. Northern blotting analysis revealed that AtGRP9 was expressed specifically in the roots of A.thaliana and was induced by NaCl. The growth of some transgenic plants was easily controlled by using the medium with different NaCl concentrations. Taken together, these results show that AtGRP9 may be involved in the salt stress response in A.thaliana.", "19839869": "To determine the virulence of extracellular phospholipase B (PLB) of Candida albicans in keratomycosis.", "26712967": "General anesthesia as a technique for laparoscopic cholecystectomies has disadvantage in terms of the stress response, lack of postoperative analgesia and emesis. Regional anesthesia offers advantages over general anesthesia in terms of cost, postoperative analgesia, intact respiratory control mechanism and early ambulation. Shoulder tip pain remains the main concerns that can be alleviated by adding various adjuvants to local anesthetics.", "23976842": "Cancer-related anorexia and cachexia syndrome (CACS) is a complex multifactorial condition, with loss of lean body mass, chronic inflammation, severe metabolic derangements, reduced food intake, reduced physical activity, and poor quality of life as key symptoms. Cachexia recognizes different phases or stages, moving from precachexia through overt cachexia to advanced or refractory cachexia. The purpose of this review is to describe currently effective approaches for the treatment of cachexia, moving forward to drugs and treatments already shown to be effective but needing further clinical trials to confirm their efficacy. We then introduce novel promising investigational drugs and approaches which, based on a strong rationale from the most recent data on the molecular targets/pathways driving the pathophysiology of cachexia, need to be tested either in currently ongoing or appropriate future clinical trials to confirm their clinical potential. Although different drugs and treatments have been tested, we can speculate that a single therapy may not be completely successful. Indeed, considering the complex clinical picture and the multifactorial pathogenesis of CACS, we believe that its clinical management requires a multidisciplinary and multitargeted approach. In our opinion, appropriate treatment for cachexia should target the following conditions: inflammatory status, oxidative stress, nutritional disorders, muscle catabolism, immunosuppression, quality of life, and above all, fatigue. A comprehensive list of the most interesting and effective multitargeted treatments is reported and discussed, with the aim of suggesting the most promising with regard to clinical outcome. A critical issue is that of testing therapies at the earliest stages of cachexia, possibly at the precachexia stage, with the aim of preventing or delaying the development of overt cachexia and thereby obtaining the best possible clinical outcome for patients. ", "16980878": "Despite improvements in its medical and surgical management, ischemic coronary disease remains responsible for significant morbidity, mortality, and economic burden in developed nations. Therapeutic myocardial angiogenesis is an attractive treatment option for patients with end-stage coronary disease who have failed percutaneous and surgical methods of revascularization. Over the past decade, our understanding of the biology of new blood vessel formation has improved significantly, and consequently, the use of growth factors to induce myocardial angiogenesis has been attempted in preclinical and clinical trials. Although growth factor therapy had demonstrated tremendous success in animal models, clinical trials have shown limited benefit in patients with coronary disease. Vascular endothelial growth factors and fibroblast growth factors are perhaps the most potent inducers of angiogenesis that have been used in animal models, and the only ones that have been used in clinical trials. This review outlines the biology of new vessel formation and the effects of these growth factors in the context of myocardial angiogenesis with an emphasis on the effects on the endothelium. It also provides a brief overview of delivery strategies and summarizes the preclinical and clinical evidence relating to exogenous growth factor delivery for myocardial angiogenesis. Lastly, we discuss the limitations and future challenges of angiogenic therapy.", "15154073": "To introduce pediatricians to the psychiatric and behavioral disorders that most frequently affect children with epilepsy, qualifying them to diagnose, evaluate risk factors and guide the treatment of these children.", "24566684": "We conducted a meta-analysis of cohort studies to evaluate the potential role of RASSF1A promoter methylation in colorectal carcinogenesis. A range of electronic databases were searched: PubMed (1966-2013), the Cochrane Library Database (Issue 12, 2013), EMBASE (1980-2013), CINAHL (1982-2013), Web of Science (1945-2013) and the Chinese Biomedical Database (CBM) (1982-2013) without language restrictions. Meta-analysis was conducted using the STATA 12.0 software. Crude odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (95% CI) was calculated. Eleven clinical cohort studies with a total of 1,505 colorectal cancer (CRC) patients that met all inclusion criteria were included in our meta-analysis. The results of our meta-analysis revealed that the frequency of RASSF1A promoter methylation was strongly correlated with clinical stage (OR = 1.69, 95% CI 1.16-2.44, P = 0.006), histological grade (OR = 1.92, 95% CI 1.22-3.04, P = 0.005) and distant metastasis (OR = 2.59, 95% CI 1.46-4.60, P = 0.037) of CRC patients. However, we observed no positive correlations of RASSF1A promoter methylation with gender (OR = 1.04, 95% CI 0.74-1.46, P = 0.842), age (OR = 1.70, 95% CI 0.98-2.93, P = 0.057) and lymph node metastasis (OR = 1.65, 95% CI 0.87-3.14, P = 0.127) of CRC patients. Further subgroup analysis by ethnicity demonstrated that RASSF1A promoter methylation was correlated with clinicopathological characteristics of CRC patients among Asians (clinical stage: OR = 2.55, 95% CI 1.55-4.20, P < 0.001; histological grade: OR = 2.70, 95% CI 1.44-5.06, P = 0.002; lymph node metastasis: OR = 4.09, 95% CI 1.49-11.26, P = 0.006; distant metastasis: OR = 5.38, 95% CI 1.73-16.70, P = 0.004), but not among Caucasians and Africans (all P > 0.05). Our meta-analysis has shown positive correlations between aberrant promoter methylation of RASSF1A gene and clinicopathological characteristics of CRC patients, especially among Asians.", "9542558": "Nausea and vomiting during spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section are common and unpleasant complications. This study was undertaken to evaluate the efficacy of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for prophylactic treatment of nausea and vomiting in parturients undergoing nonemergent caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia.", "22666147": "There are only a few process evaluation studies on positive youth development programs, particularly in the Chinese context. This study aims to examine the quality of implementation of a positive youth development program (the Project P.A.T.H.S.: Positive Adolescent Training through Holistic Social Programmes) and investigate the relationships among program adherence, process factors, implementation quality, and perceived program success. Process evaluation of 97 classroom-based teaching units was conducted in 62 schools from 2005 to 2009. Findings based on different cohorts generally showed that there were high overall program adherence and implementation quality. Program adherence and implementation process were highly correlated with quality and success of the program. Multiple regression analyses further showed that both implementation process and program adherence are significant predictors of program quality and success. Theoretical and practical implications of the findings are discussed.", "26770353": "The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of nucleostemin (NS) knocking down in SGC- 7901 gastric cancer cell line and investigates its correlation with the metastasis and TNM stage ingastric cancer (GC) patients.", "2137012": "The amino acid sequence of the CF0I subunit from the chloroplast F0F1-ATPase has only a low similarity to the amino acid sequence of the b-subunit of the E. coli F0F1-ATPase. However, secondary and tertiary structure predictions plus the distribution of hydrophobic and hydrophilic amino acids have indicated that these two subunits serve a similar function. This proposition was investigated directly. A cDNA clone for the chloroplast atpF gene, encoding the CF0I subunit, was altered by site-directed mutagensis such that the translation start site corresponded to the N-terminus of the mature protein. An E. coli mutant strain carrying a chain-terminating mutation in the uncF gene, encoding the b-subunit, was transformed with the plasmid carrying the altered atpF gene. The resultant transformant was able to grow on succinate and gave a growth yield similar to that of a wild-type control. Assays on membrane preparations from the transformant also clearly indicated that the mature CF0I subunit from spinach chloroplasts was able to replace the E. coli b-subunit in the E. coli F0F1-ATPase.", "11049912": "Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs are recommended for the multimodal management of postoperative pain and may have a significant opioid-sparing effect after major surgery. The analgesic efficacy of the cyclooxygenase-2 nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, celecoxib and rofecoxib, have not been evaluated after major orthopedic surgery. This study was designed to determine whether the administration of a preoperative dose of celecoxib or rofecoxib to patients who have undergone spinal stabilization would decrease patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) morphine use and/or enhance analgesia. We evaluated 60 inpatients undergoing spine stabilization by one surgeon. All patients received PCA morphine. The patients were divided into three groups. Preoperatively, they were given oral celecoxib 200 mg, rofecoxib 50 mg, or placebo. The outcome measures included pain scores and 24-h morphine use at six times during the first 24 postoperative h. The total dose of morphine and the cumulative doses for each of the six time periods were significantly more in the placebo group than in the other two groups. The morphine dose was significantly less in five of the six time intervals in the rofecoxib group compared with the celecoxib group. The pain scores were significantly less in the rofecoxib group than in the other two groups at two of the six intervals, and less than the placebo group in an additional interval. Although both rofecoxib and celecoxib produce similar analgesic effects in the first 4 h after surgery, rofecoxib demonstrated an extended analgesic effect that lasted throughout the 24-h study. We thus recommend that rofecoxib be used as a preoperative component of pain management that includes PCA morphine in patients undergoing spine stabilization surgery.", "18234298": "Beta-hydroxyisovalerylshikonin (beta-HIVS), a compound isolated from the traditional oriental medicinal herb Lithospermum radix, is an ATP non-competitive inhibitor of protein-tyrosine kinases, such as v-Src and EGFR, and it induces apoptosis in some lines of human tumor cells. We investigated the effect of beta-HIVS on three endometrial cancer cell lines, two ovarian cancer cell lines, and normal human endometrial epithelial cells.", "26934204": "The aim of this study was to examine the effects of Cyanidin 3-O-\u03b2-glucoside (C3G) on ethanol (EtOH)-induced acute liver injury in mice as well as in cultured hepatic cells exposed to EtOH, with a focus on the involvement of Silent Mating Type Information Regulation 2 Homolog 1 (SIRT1)/Forkhead fox-O-1 (FOXO1) signaling pathway, and to explore the underlying molecular mechanisms.", "15784899": "Although hepatic injury is reported in cases with dengue haemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome, its mechanism remains poorly understood. Several findings suggest that dengue virus (DEN) induces apoptosis of hepatocytes in vivo. In this work, DEN type 2 (DEN-2) strain NGC was shown to induce apoptosis in the hepatic cell line HepG2, and infection of HepG2 cells was found to induce Apo2 ligand (Apo2L, also known as tumour necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand or TRAIL) expression. Furthermore, Apo2L/TRAIL induced apoptosis in HepG2 cells, which expressed the Apo2L/TRAIL receptor DR5/TRAIL-R2 on their surface. Analysis of the Apo2L/TRAIL promoter revealed that this gene was activated by DEN-2 infection, whose responsive element was overlapping NF-kappaB- and Sp1-binding sites located at nt -75 to -65. The proteasome inhibitor N-acetyl-L-leucinyl-L-leucinyl-L-norleucinal (LLnL) inhibited Apo2L/TRAIL mRNA expression, and LLnL and anti-Apo2L/TRAIL antibody inhibited DEN-2-induced apoptosis. It was proposed that DEN infection promotes apoptosis partly through the induction of Apo2L/TRAIL expression.", "28964001": "Transsexualism in the ICD-10 (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision), Gender Dysphoria in adolescents and adults in the DSM-5 (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition), is characterized by a marked incongruence between one's experienced gender and biological sex. The etiology is complex, but some hypotheses suggest that Gender Dysphoria (GD) arises from discrepant cerebral and biological sexual differentiation. Increasing evidence supports the idea of genetic vulnerability. Henningsson et al, (2004) found significant differences when they examined estrogen receptor \u03b2 (ER\u03b2) in a male-to- female (MtF) population. They suggested that a long ER\u03b2 polymorphism is more common in MtFs. Hare et al, (2009) also examined an MtF population and found a significant association between the androgen receptor (AR) and GD. Our group analyzed the same polymorphisms and found an association between ER\u03b1, ER\u03b2 and AR in GD. Our results suggest a genetic basis of GD in MtF and FtM populations. Our data corroborate the implication of the two estrogen receptors, ER\u03b1 and \u03b2, and the androgen receptor in the genetic basis of GD, and advise the importance of estrogens and androgens in cerebral masculinization. Our data also confirm that sexual identity is not optional, but is determined prenatally by the genes, although it has a very important hormonal component. Therefore, its substrate is cerebral, not ideological.", "21158857": "The superior transverse torus of the catarrhine mandible has been shown to effectively reduce bending at the symphysis during unilateral postcanine biting. While the adult superior transverse torus contains trabecular bone, the juvenile one is almost entirely filled by developing permanent incisors until their eruption. This study uses finite elements analysis (FEA) to investigate whether the presence of developing incisors in the juvenile symphysis increases strains on the superior transverse torus. Two FE models of a juvenile Macaca fascicularis mandible were created: one included all the developing teeth; the second was modified to remove the incisor tooth crypts by filling them with trabecular bone. The models were loaded identically to simulate static physiological unilateral biting on dp(4) and strain magnitudes, patterns and distributions of the two FE models were compared. The FEA results show a notable increase in strain magnitudes by up to 40% when the developing incisors are present. The results indicate that, in order to maintain the same symphyseal strain magnitudes during chewing, the presence of the incisors in the symphysis necessitates a larger superior transverse torus in the juvenile than would be required if the superior transverse torus did not house the developing incisors. These results highlight the adaptational balance of the symphyseal morphology throughout ontogeny between biomechanics and the spatial demands of the developing dentition. Based on the findings we therefore propose that the spatial requirements of the developing incisors during ontogeny can act as a constraint on the functional adaptation and subsequent adult morphology observed in the catarrhine mandibular symphysis.", "25918420": "Actin filaments and integrin-based focal adhesions (FAs) form integrated systems that mediate dynamic cell interactions with their environment or other cells during migration, the immune response, and tissue morphogenesis. How adhesion-associated actin structures obtain their functional specificity is unclear. Here we show that the formin-family actin nucleator, inverted formin 2 (INF2), localizes specifically to FAs and dorsal stress fibers (SFs) in fibroblasts. High-resolution fluorescence microscopy and manipulation of INF2 levels in cells indicate that INF2 plays a critical role at the SF-FA junction by promoting actin polymerization via free barbed end generation and centripetal elongation of an FA-associated actin bundle to form dorsal SF. INF2 assembles into FAs during maturation rather than during their initial generation, and once there, acts to promote rapid FA elongation and maturation into tensin-containing fibrillar FAs in the cell center. We show that INF2 is required for fibroblasts to organize fibronectin into matrix fibers and ultimately 3D matrices. Collectively our results indicate an important role for the formin INF2 in specifying the function of fibrillar FAs through its ability to generate dorsal SFs. Thus, dorsal SFs and fibrillar FAs form a specific class of integrated adhesion-associated actin structure in fibroblasts that mediates generation and remodeling of ECM. ", "21453783": "Extremely low frequency (ELF) magnetic fields have previously been shown to affect conformation of chromatin and cell proliferation. Possible genotoxic and carcinogenic effects of ELF have also been discussed and tested. In this study, we analyzed the effect of ELF on chromatin conformation in E. coli GE499 cells by the anomalous viscosity time dependence (AVTD) technique. Possible genotoxic ELF effects at the specific combination of static and ELF magnetic fields, that has been proven to have effects on chromatin conformation, were investigated by clonogenic assay, cell growth kinetics, and analysis of SOS-response using inducible recA-lacZ fusion and the \u03b2-galactosidase assay. Genotoxic agent nalidixic acid (NAL) was used as positive control and in combination with ELF. Nalidixic acid at 3-30\u03bcg/ml decreased the AVTD peaks and induced cytotoxic effect. In contrast to NAL, ELF increased AVTD, stimulated cell growth, and increased cloning efficiency. These effects depended on frequency within the frequency range of 7-11Hz. While NAL induced SOS response, ELF exposure did not induce the recA-lacZ fusion. Exposure to ELF did not modify the genotoxic effects of NAL either. All together, the data show that ELF, under specific conditions of exposure, acted as nontoxic but cell growth stimulating agent.", "26958809": "The oral cancer cell line OC3-I5 with a highly invasive ability was selected and derived from an established OSCC line OC3. In this study, we demonstrated that matrix metalloproteinases protein MMP-13 was up-regulated in OC3-I5 than in OC3 cells. We also observed that expression of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers including Twist, p-Src, Snail1, SIP1, JAM-A, and vinculin were increased in OC3-I5 compared to OC3 cells, whereas E-cadherin expression was decreased in the OC3-I5 cells. Using siMMP-13 knockdown techniques, we showed that siMMP-13 not only reduced the invasion and migration, but also the adhesion abilities of oral cancer cells. In support of the role of MMP-13 in metastasis, we used MMP-13 expressing plasmid-transfected 293T cells to enhance MMP-13 expression in the OC3 cells, transplanting the MMP-13 over expressing OC3 cells into nude mice led to enhanced lung metastasis. In summary, our findings show that MMP-13 promotes invasion and metastasis in oral cancer cells, suggesting altered expression of MMP-13 may be utilized to impede the process of metastasis.", "19684320": "A Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterial strain, YC6729T, was isolated from the vermicompost (VC) collected at Masan, Korea and its taxonomic position was investigated by a polyphasic taxonomic approach. Strain YC6729T grew optimally at 30 degrees C and at pH 6.5-8.5. Phylogenetic analysis based on 16S rRNA gene sequences indicated that strain YC6729T belongs to the genus Chitinophaga in the family Chitinophagaceae. Most closely related species are Chitinophaga terra KP01T (96.4 %), Chitinophaga ginsengisegetis Gsoil 040T (96.1 %) and Chitinophaga arvensicola IAM 12650T (96.1 %). Strain YC6729T contained MK-7 as the major menaquinone and homospermidine as the major polyamine. The major fatty acids of strain YC6729T C15:0 iso, C16:1omega5c and C17:0 iso 3-OH. The total DNA G+C content was 48.9 mol%. The phenotypic, chemotaxonomic and phylogenetic data showed that strain YC6729T represents a novel species of the genus Chitinophaga, for which the name Chitinophaga vermicomposti sp. nov. is proposed. The type strain is YC6729T (= KACC 13774T = DSM 22224T).", "17578978": "Cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors may play an important role in multimodal management of pain after orthopedic surgery. We examined the analgesic efficacy of administering celecoxib as a component of a multimodal analgesic regimen for outpatient anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) surgery.", "17578979": "Unrelieved postoperative pain may impair rehabilitation, delay recovery, and result in poor outcomes. Preventive multimodal analgesic techniques may improve long-term outcome after surgery.", "9780201": "We have previously developed a human macrophage hybridoma model system to study the effect of HIV-1 infection on monocytic function. Upon coculture of one chronically (35 days postinfection) HIV-1-infected human macrophage hybridoma cell line, 43HIV, there was a dose-dependent decrease in the viability of cocultured Ag-stimulated T cells associated with an increase in DNA strand breaks. Enhanced apoptosis was determined by labeling with biotinylated dUTP and propidium iodide, increased staining with annexin V, increased side light scatter and expression of CD95, and decreased forward light scatter and expression of Bcl-2. There was also increased DNA strand breaks as determined by propidium iodide staining in unstimulated T cells cocultured with 43HIV and in T cells stimulated with anti-CD3 mAb and PHA. Pretreatment with 5145, a human polyclonal anti-gp120 Ab that recognizes the CD4 binding region, as well as with an anti-Fas ligand mAb blocked apoptosis in CD4+ T cells but not in CD8+ T cells. A soluble factor with a Mr below 10,000 Da was defined that induced apoptosis in CD4+ and CD8+ T cells and B cells. SDS-PAGE analysis of the active fractions revealed a band of 6000 Da that, after electroelution, had proapoptotic activity. The pI of the activity was estimated to be between 6.5 and 7.0. In conclusion, chronically HIV-1-infected monocytic cells induce apoptosis in bystander-, Ag-, anti-CD3-, and mitogen-stimulated T cells by multiple factors, which may contribute to the depletion of lymphocytes induced by HIV-1.", "27442160": "The bald eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) is an extensively researched tertiary predator. Studies have delineated information about its life history and the influences of various stressors on its reproduction. Due to the bald eagle's position at the top of the food web, it is susceptible to biomagnification of xenobiotics. The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality implemented a program in 1999 to monitor persistent chemicals including polychlorinated biphenols (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDE). The objectives of the present study were to evaluate spatial and temporal trends of PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in nestling bald eagles of Michigan. The authors' study found that concentrations of PCBs and DDE were higher in Great Lakes areas with Lakes Michigan and Lake Huron having the highest concentrations of DDE and Lake Erie having the highest concentrations of PCBs. Temporally (1987-1992, 1999-2003, and 2004-2008) the present study found declines in PCB and DDE concentrations with a few exceptions. Continued monitoring of Michigan bald eagle populations is suggested for a couple of reasons. First, nestling blood contaminant levels are an appropriate method to monitor ecosystem contaminant levels. Second, from 1999 to 2008 PCB and DDE concentrations for 30% and 40%, respectively, of the nestling eagles sampled were above the no observable adverse effect level (NOAEL) for bald eagles. Lastly, with the continued development and deployment of new chemistries a continuous long term monitoring program is an invaluable resource. Environ Toxicol Chem 2016;35:1995-2002. \u00a9 2016 SETAC. ", "2178033": "Monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies were generated against the voltage-dependent sodium channel purified from rat brain, and were used to characterize and localize sodium channels within mammalian central nervous system (CNS) and peripheral nervous system (PNS). These antibodies immunoblot and immunoprecipitate from labeled membrane proteins a 260-kDa polypeptide, as well as immunoprecipitate sodium channels saturated with [3H]saxitoxin. These monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies do not, however, recognize sodium channels in cardiac or skeletal muscle. Immunocytochemical analyses of cultured CNS and PNS neurons and immuno-ultrastructural localization of sodium channel reactivity within CNS tissue in situ indicate that these probes provide a unique tool for studying the level of expression, organization and turnover of sodium channels within the CNS and PNS.", "17406964": "X chromosome inactivation in mammalian females occurs early in embryonic development and renders most genes on the inactive X chromosome transcriptionally silenced. As a consequence, females will display an X chromosomal parent-of-origin mosaicism with regard to which parental allele that is expressed. Some genes however, escape inactivation and will therefore be expressed from both alleles. In this study we have investigated if the X-linked MAO-A gene have bi- or mono-allelic expression. This information would indicate whether or not MAO-A gene dosage could potentially explain the observed gender differences that show functional connections to the serotonin system, such as aggression and impulsiveness. To investigate the X inactivation status of MAO-A we have used primary clonal cell cultures, on which allelic expression was assessed with RFLP analysis. Our results show that the MAO-A gene has mono-allelic expression in these cells. This could have important implications for understanding traits that display gender differences.", "1727479": "Deletion mutants of simian immunodeficiency virus (SIVmac) which were unable to integrate into host cells were generated by removing a portion of the integrase (IN) domain of the pol gene. The resulting plasmid was transfected into HUT-78 and human rhabdomyosarcoma cells. In comparison with the parental plasmid DNA transfected in parallel, the deletion mutant was found to direct efficient production of virus in both cell systems. Viruses derived from wild-type and mutant proviral DNAs were also tested for their relative replicative abilities in HUT-78 and U937 cells, and the kinetics of virus production was found to vary between these two cell systems. Analysis of DNA from infected cell nuclei showed that the deletion mutant lacked the ability to integrate despite being able to produce infectious virus. Using the sensitive polymerase chain reaction technique, we have clearly demonstrated the absence of the IN domain in the deletion mutant after infection and replication in HUT-78 cells. Such mutants might form the basis for the development of an experimental live attenuated vaccine.", "25525240": "Multivalent molecules with repetitive structures including bacterial capsular polysaccharides and viral capsids elicit antibody responses through B cell receptor (BCR) crosslinking in the absence of T cell help. We report that immunization with these T cell-independent type 2 (TI-2) antigens causes up-regulation of endogenous retrovirus (ERV) RNAs in antigen-specific mouse B cells. These RNAs are detected via a mitochondrial antiviral signaling protein (MAVS)-dependent RNA sensing pathway or reverse-transcribed and detected via the cGAS-cGAMP-STING pathway, triggering a second, sustained wave of signaling that promotes specific immunoglobulin M production. Deficiency of both MAVS and cGAS, or treatment of MAVS-deficient mice with reverse transcriptase inhibitors, dramatically inhibits TI-2 antibody responses. These findings suggest that ERV and two innate sensing pathways that detect them are integral components of the TI-2 B cell signaling apparatus. ", "16538619": "Incidence of a fracture, particularly in the hip joint, is high in elderly women with Parkinson's disease (PD), and this is due to the immobilization-induced bone resorption and vitamin D deficiency with reduced bone mineral density (BMD). The objective of this study was to address the possibility that treatment with alendronate and vitamin D2 may reduce the incidence of hip fractures in elderly women with PD. PD patients were randomly assigned to daily treatment with 5 mg alendronate (n = 144) or a placebo combined with 1,000 IU of vitamin D2 (n = 144) and followed for 2 years. Incidence of hip fractures in the two patient groups during the 2-year follow-up period was studied. At baseline, both groups of patients had low BMD with high levels of serum-ionized calcium and urinary deoxypyridinoline (D-Pyr). Hip fractures occurred in 14 patients in the placebo group and 4 in the alendronate group. The relative risk for hip fractures in the alendronate group as compared with the placebo group was 0.29 (95% CI, 0.10-0.85). The number of hip fracture per 1,000 patient-years was 14 and 49 for the alendronate and placebo groups, respectively. In the alendronate group, serum calcium and urinary D-Pyr levels decreased significantly during the follow-up period, while the levels in the placebo group were increased. BMD increased by 3.1% in the alendronate group and decreased by 2.8% in the placebo group (P < 0.01). Treatment with alendronate and vitamin D2 increases BMD in elderly women with PD and leads to the prevention of hip fractures.", "15866879": "Type IV pilus biogenesis, protein secretion, DNA transfer, and filamentous phage morphogenesis systems are thought to possess similar architectures and mechanisms. These multiprotein complexes include members of the PulE superfamily of putative NTPases that have extensive sequence similarity and probably similar functions as the energizers of macromolecular transport. We purified the PulE homologue BfpD of the enteropathogenic Escherichia coli bundle-forming pilus (BFP) biogenesis machine and characterized its ATPase activity, providing new insights into its mode of action. Numerous techniques revealed that BfpD forms hexamers in the presence of nucleotide. Hexameric BfpD displayed weak ATPase activity. We previously demonstrated that the N termini of membrane proteins BfpC and BfpE recruit BfpD to the cytoplasmic membrane. Here, we identified two BfpD-binding sites, BfpE(39-76) and BfpE(77-114), in the N terminus of BfpE using a yeast two-hybrid system. Isothermal titration calorimetry and protease sensitivity assays showed that hexameric BfpD-ATPgammaS binds to BfpE(77-114), whereas hexameric BfpD-ADP binds to BfpE(39-76). Interestingly, the N terminus of BfpC and BfpE(77-114) together increased the ATPase activity of hexameric BfpD over 1200-fold to a V(max) of 75.3 mumol of P(i) min(-1) mg(-1), which exceeds by over 1200-fold the activity of other PulE family members. This augmented activity occurred only in the presence of Zn(2+). We conclude that allosteric interactions between BfpD and BfpC and BfpE dramatically stimulate its ATPase activity. The differential nucleotide-dependent binding of hexameric BfpD to BfpE(39-76) and BfpE(77-114) suggests a model for the mechanism by which BfpD transduces mechanical energy to the biogenesis machine.", "22797325": "Many species of plants in African countries are widely used in the rural communities where there is little or no access to modern medicine. However, the safety and effectiveness of these medicinal plants are poorly evaluated. The stem bark of Parkia biglobosa Jacq. and leaves of Ageratum conyzoides Linn. were investigated for their antibacterial and cytotoxic activities. The plant materials were extracted with 95% ethanol, and fractionated with petroleum ether, chloroform and ethyl acetate. The antibacterial effects of the extracts and fractions of the plant materials were assayed on the bacterial cultures of Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus, Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Clostridium perfringes. Ethanol extracts of P. biglobosa and A. conyzoides were screened for cytotoxicity using the 3-(4,5-dimethyl-2-thiazolyl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. Two cancer cell lines (SK-MES 1 and SK-LU 1) and one normal cell line (human skin fibroblast cell line, FS5) were used for the screening of the extracts and the fractions obtained. The ethanolic extracts and fractions of P. biglobosa and A. conyzoides showed the best activity against E. coli, S. aureus and MRSA. All fractions of A. conyzoides leaves have no activity against P. aeruginosa. Human lung cancer cell lines (SK-LU 1 and SK-MES 1) and human skin fibroblast cell line (FS5 cells) were treated with various concentrations (3.9\u03bcg/ml-2mg/ml) of the extracts and fractions for 24h. SK-MES 1 cells are more susceptible to treatment with the plant fractions. All the fractions of A. conyzoides leaves and the petroleum ether fraction of P. biglobosa were cytotoxic to SK-MES 1 cells, which to some extent may support their traditional inclusion in herbal preparations for treatment of cancer. The overall results provided evidence that the studied plant extracts might be potential sources of new antibacterial and anticancer drug.", "20421646": "Tumor cells escape clearance by complement by abundantly expressing CD59 and other membrane complement regulators. Recently, we designed a peptide derived from the neural-restrictive silencer factor (REST), REST68, which we showed to inhibit expression of CD59 in tumors lacking the full-length REST and proposed a detailed model for regulation of CD59 expression via interplay between REST and nucleolin (NCL) transcription factors. In this paper, we study in detail the mechanisms for sensitization of malignant cells to Ab-based cancer immunotherapy by the REST68 peptide and the implications of the REST/NCL model for the design of treatment resulting in higher tumor susceptibility. REST68 inhibited CD59 expression in malignant cells expressing either truncated or full-length REST, but not in nonmalignant cells. However, activation of protein kinase C (PKC) in nonmalignant cells, a process that contributes to cellular transformation, phosphorylated NCL and enabled suppression of CD59 expression by the REST68. Combined treatment of different tumor types with REST68 and PKC inhibitor synergized to further suppress CD59 expression and reduce resistance to complement lysis. The combined treatment also increased susceptibility of tumors expressing either of the REST isoforms to PBMC-mediated killing, which, at least in part, accounted for the strong promotion of apoptosis by the REST68/PKC inhibitor. These data demonstrate that REST68 sensitizes tumors to Ab-based cancer immunotherapy via multiple mechanisms. Furthermore, the REST/NCL interplay model for regulation of expression of cd59 and other genes involved in cell survival enables the design of treatments for different tumor types to achieve more efficient tumor clearance.", "21339993": "Slug is an E-cadherin repressor and a suppressor of PUMA (p53 upregulated modulator of apoptosis) and it has recently been demonstrated that Slug plays an important role in controlling apoptosis. In this study, we examined whether Slug's ability to silence expression suppresses the growth of cholangiocarcinoma cells and/or sensitizes cholangiocarcinoma cells to chemotherapeutic agents through induction of apoptosis. We targeted the Slug gene using siRNA (Slug siRNA) via full Slug cDNA plasmid (Slug cDNA) transfection of cholangiocarcinoma cells. Slug siRNA, cisplatin, or Slug siRNA in combination with cisplatin, were used to treat cholangiocarcinoma cells in vitro. Western blot was used to detect the expression of Slug, PUMA, and E-cadherin protein. TUNEL, Annexin V Staining, and cell cycle analysis were used to detect apoptosis. A nude mice subcutaneous xenograft model of QBC939 cells was used to assess the effect of Slug silencing and/or cisplatin on tumor growth. Immunohistochemical staining was used to analyze the expression of Slug and PUMA. TUNEL was used to detect apoptosis in vivo. The results showed that PUMA and E-cadherin expression in cholangiocarcinoma cells is Slug dependent. We demonstrated that Slug silencing and cisplatin both promote apoptosis by upregulation of PUMA, not by upregulation of E-cadherin. Slug silencing significantly sensitized cholangiocarcinoma cells to cisplatin through upregulation of PUMA. Finally, we showed that Slug silencing suppressed the growth of QBC939 xenograft tumors and sensitized the tumor cells to cisplatin through PUMA upregulation and induction of apoptosis. Our findings indicate that Slug is an important modulator of the therapeutic response of cholangiocarcinoma cells and is potentially useful as a sensitizer in cholangiocarcinoma therapy. One of the mechanisms is the regulation of PUMA by Slug.", "24772442": "To analyze the predictive value of coronary computed tomography angiography on acute coronary artery events in patients with type 2 diabetes.", "19717156": "We have previously shown that the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor perindopril reduced aortic diameter by 3-7mm in Marfan syndrome (MFS) patients. Excessive signalling by the transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) has been implicated in the development of aortic dilatation. We hypothesised that reduction in aortic diameter would correlate with reduction in plasma TGF-beta and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) levels.", "15965225": "A patient is reported with psychological change characterised by impaired concentration and thought projection, followed by both severe anxiety and depression, starting after three weeks on high dose methysergide. The acute problem settled slowly after methysergide withdrawal and is likely to represent an unusual and serious side effect of that drug.", "12696621": "To assess the clinical value of cardiovascular dynamics (CVD) pattern of 'positive cycling' in predicting true preterm labor.", "22887471": "Allopathic practitioners in India are outnumbered by practitioners of traditional Indian medicine, such as Ayurveda and Siddha. These forms of traditional medicine are currently used by up to two-thirds of its population to help meet primary healthcare needs, particularly in rural areas. Gandeepam is one of the pioneering Siddha clinics in rural Tamil Nadu that is specialized in providing palliative care to HIV/AIDS patients with effective treatment. This article examines and critically discusses the perceptions of patients regarding the efficacy of Siddha treatment and their motivation in using this form of treatment. The issues of gender equality in the access of HIV/AIDS treatment as well as the possible challenges in complementing allopathic and traditional/complementary health sectors in research and policy are also discussed. The article concludes by emphasizing the importance of complementing allopathic treatment with traditional medicine for short-term symptoms and some opportunistic diseases present among HIV/AIDS patients.", "16088114": "Vitamin D supplementation is suggested to reduce the risk of falls among ambulatory or institutionalized elderly subjects. The present study was undertaken to address the reduced risk of falls and hip fractures in patients with long-standing stroke by vitamin D supplementation.", "25861171": "To study levels of physical activity and various measures of obesity and their association in an urban population.", "18693175": "Hepatic veno-occlusive disease (HVOD) is a severe complication of chemotherapy before hematopoietic stem cell transplantation and dietary ingestion of pyrrolizidine alkaloids. Many experimental models were established to study its mechanisms or therapy, but few are ideal. This work aimed at evaluating a rat model of HVOD induced by monocrotaline to help advance research into this disease.", "17251387": "Heparan sulfates (HS) are long, unbranched, negatively charged polysaccharides that are bound to core proteins. HS in the glomerular basement membrane (GBM) is reported to be important for charge-selective permeability. Aberrant GBM HS expression has been observed in several glomerular diseases, such as diabetic nephropathy and membranous glomerulopathy, and a decrease in HS generally is associated with proteinuria. This study, with the use of a controlled in vivo approach, evaluated whether degradation of HS in rat GBM resulted in acute proteinuria. Rats received two intravenous injections of either heparinase III to digest HS or neuraminidase to remove neuraminic acids (positive control). Urine samples were taken at various time points, and at the end of the experiment, kidneys were removed and analyzed. Injection with heparinase III resulted in a complete loss of glomerular HS as demonstrated by immunofluorescence staining using anti-HS antibodies and by electron microscopy using cupromeronic blue in a critical electrolyte concentration mode. In the urine, a strong increase in HS was found within 2 h after the first injection. Staining for agrin, the major HS proteoglycan core protein in the GBM, was unaltered. No urinary albumin or other proteins were detected at any time point, and no changes in glomerular morphology were noticed. Injection of rats with neuraminidase, however, resulted in a major increase of urinary albumin and was associated with an increase in urinary free neuraminic acid. An increased glomerular staining with Peanut agglutinin lectin, indicative of removal of neuraminic acid, was noted. In conclusion, removal of HS from the GBM does not result in acute albuminuria, whereas removal of neuraminic acid does.", "22484149": "Glioblastoma, the most aggressive form of brain and central nervous system tumours, is characterized by high rates proliferation, migration and invasion. The major road block in the delivery of drugs to the brain is the blood-brain barrier, along with the expression of various multi-drug resistance (MDR) proteins that cause the efflux of a wide range of chemotherapeutic drugs. Curcumin, a herbal drug, is known to inhibit cellular proliferation, migration and invasion and induce apoptosis of glioma cells. It also has the potential to modulate MDR in glioma cells. However, the greatest challenge in the administration of curcumin stems from its low bioavailability and high rate of metabolism. To circumvent the above pitfalls of curcumin we have developed curcumin-loaded glyceryl monooleate (GMO) nanoparticles (NP) coated with the surfactant Pluronic F-68 and vitamin E D-\u03b1-tocopheryl polyethylene glycol 1000 succinate (TPGS) for brain delivery. We demonstrated that our curcumin-loaded NPs inhibit cellular proliferation, migration and invasion along with a higher percentage of cell cycle arrest and telomerase inhibition, thus leading to a greater percentage apoptotic cell death in glioma cells compared with native curcumin. An in vivo study demonstrated enhanced bioavailability of curcumin in blood serum and brain tissue when delivered by curcumin-loaded GMO NPs compared with native curcumin in a rat model. Thus, curcumin-loaded GMO NPs can be used as an effective delivery system to overcome the challenges of drug delivery to the brain, providing a new approach to glioblastoma therapy.", "20462659": "Treatment of plantar warts represents a continuing challenge for dermatologists because many of the available therapeutic modalities are associated with unsatisfactory results and high recurrence rates. Several clinical trials have proved the efficacy of intralesional immunotherapy by different antigens in the treatment of different types of warts.", "15793222": "To review the biology of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) and the clinical results of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) blockade in metastatic RCC.", "21860315": "Primary ovarian insufficiency has been diagnosed in adolescents as young as age 14 years. It is estimated that approximately 1% of the female population in the United States is affected by primary ovarian insufficiency. Evaluation for all potential causes of amenorrhea, or a change from regular to irregular menses for 3 or more consecutive months, including pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, hypogonadal amenorrhea, thyroid abnormalities, hyperprolactinemia, or primary ovarian insufficiency is important for young females. Understanding the unique concerns and needs associated with the diagnosis and treatment of ovarian insufficiency in adolescents is essential for the provision of quality health care for this population.", "22559822": "To investigate the routine use and applicability of a new ocular thermography device (TG 1000; Tomey Corp, Nagoya, Japan) in healthy individuals.", "9288788": "Defects in DNA mismatch repair have been associated with both hereditary and sporadic forms of cancer. Recently, it has been shown that human cell lines deficient in mismatch repair were also defective in the transcription-coupled repair (TCR) of UV-induced DNA damage. We examined whether TCR of ionizing radiation-induced DNA damage also requires the genes involved in DNA mismatch repair. Cells defective in the hMSH2 gene were deficient in the removal of oxidative damage, including thymine glycols, from the transcribed strand of an active gene. However, an hMLH1 mutant showed normal levels of TCR. By comparison, defects in either hMSH2 or hMLH1 resulted in reduced TCR of UV damage. Introducing chromosomes carrying either hMSH2 or hMLH1 into these cell lines restored their ability to carry out TCR. Deficiencies in either hMSH2 or hMLH1 did not result in decreased overall genomic levels of repair or lead to an increased sensitivity to either UV or ionizing radiation. Our results provide the first evidence for a protein that is absolutely required for the preferential removal of UV-induced DNA damage but not oxidative DNA damage from the transcribed strand of an active human gene.", "15146069": "Inducible NO synthase (iNOS) activity is induced upon pathogen inoculation in resistant, but not susceptible, tobacco and Arabidopsis plants. It was shown recently that a variant form of the Arabidopsis P protein (AtvarP) has iNOS activity. P protein is part of the glycine decarboxylase complex (GDC). It is unclear whether P protein also has iNOS activity and, if so, whether AtvarP, P, or both, play a role in plant defense. Here, we show that iNOS activity is induced in both resistant and susceptible tomato leaves upon inoculation with the Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato strain DC3000. Virus-induced gene-silencing targeting LevarP, a putative tomato ortholog of AtvarP, led to complete suppression of DC3000-induced iNOS activation and an approximately 80% reduction in GDC activity; it also increased disease-symptom severity and DC3000 growth in both resistant and susceptible tomato. To determine whether enhanced susceptibility exhibited by LevarP-silenced, susceptible tomato was due to loss of (i) iNOS activity, (ii) GDC activity, or (iii) both, GDC activity was inhibited with or without concurrent suppression of iNOS. Treatment with methotrexate inhibited both iNOS and GDC activities and resulted in increased susceptibility, comparable with that observed in LevarP-silenced plants. When normal iNOS activity was maintained in the presence of methotrexate by the addition of tetrahydrobiopterin, there was no change in susceptibility, despite a dramatic reduction in GDC activity. Together, these results indicate that iNOS contributes to host defense response against DC3000.", "12352599": "The purpose of this study was to retrospectively evaluate (99m)Tc-tetrofosmin (Tc-TF) uptake in large parathyroid adenomas and to compare the results with their expression of multidrug resistance (MDR)-mediated, 170 kDa, P-glycoprotein (Pgp). Twenty patients with large parathyroid adenomas (larger than 1.5 g), who had undergone early and delayed (10 min and 2 h) Tc-TF parathyroid imaging before operation, were enrolled in this retrospective study. Immunohistochemical analyses were performed on multiple, non-consecutive sections of the 20 parathyroid adenomas and 40 normal control specimens (20 normal parathyroid glands and 16 normal thyroid specimens) to detect Pgp expression. Tc-TF parathyroid imaging accurately localized 17 large parathyroid adenomas, but not the remaining three. The 17 parathyroid adenomas with significant Tc-TF uptake in delayed (2 h) parathyroid images revealed negative Pgp expression, but the three adenomas without significant Tc-TF uptake, as well as 20 normal parathyroid glands and 20 normal thyroid specimens, revealed positive Pgp expression. Therefore, not only the size, but also the expression of Pgp, limited the sensitivity of Tc-TF parathyroid imaging to localize parathyroid adenomas before operation.", "17316981": "2-{[1-(2-Hydroxynaphthyl) methylidene] amino} benzoic acid (HNMABA) was synthesized for solid phase extraction (SPE) to the determination of Co, Cu, Ni, Zn and Cd in environmental and biological samples by flame atomic absorption spectrophotometry (FAAS). These metals were sorbed as HNMABA complexes on activated carbon (AC) at the pH range of 5.0+/-0.2 and eluted with 6 ml of 1M HNO3 in acetone. The effects of sample volume, eluent volume and recovery have been investigated to enhance the sensitivity and selectivity of proposed method. The effect of interferences on the sorption of metal ions was studied. The concentration of the metal ions detected after preconcentration was in agreement with the added amount. The detection limits for the metals studied were in the range of 0.75-3.82 microg ml(-1). The proposed system produced satisfactory results for the determination of Co, Cu, Ni, Zn and Cd metals in environmental and biological samples.", "23927930": "Obesity is associated with insulin resistance and abnormal peripheral tissue glucose uptake. However, the mechanisms that interfere with insulin signaling and glucose uptake in human skeletal muscle during obesity are not fully characterized. Using microarray, we have identified that the expression of Pid1 gene, which encodes for a protein that contains a phosphotyrosine-interacting domain, is increased in myoblasts established from overweight insulin-resistant individuals. Molecular analysis further validated that both Pid1 mRNA and protein levels are increased in cell culture models of insulin resistance. Consistent with these results, overexpression of phosphotyrosine interaction domain-containing protein 1 (PID1) in human myoblasts resulted in reduced insulin signaling and glucose uptake, whereas knockdown of PID1 enhanced glucose uptake and insulin signaling in human myoblasts and improved the insulin sensitivity following palmitate-, TNF-\u03b1-, or myostatin-induced insulin resistance in human myoblasts. Furthermore, the number of mitochondria in myoblasts that ectopically express PID1 was significantly reduced. In addition to overweight humans, we find that Pid1 levels are also increased in all 3 peripheral tissues (liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue) in mouse models of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance. An in silico search for regulators of Pid1 expression revealed the presence of nuclear factor-\u03baB (NF-\u03baB) binding sites in the Pid1 promoter. Luciferase reporter assays and chromatin immunoprecipitation studies confirmed that NF-\u03baB is sufficient to transcriptionally up-regulate the Pid1 promoter. Furthermore, we find that myostatin up-regulates Pid1 expression via an NF-\u03baB signaling mechanism. Collectively these results indicate that Pid1 is a potent intracellular inhibitor of insulin signaling pathway during obesity in humans and mice. ", "24132736": "To describe the development and implementation of pharmaceutical care services in a diabetes ward, and to examine the effectiveness of pharmacist interventions.", "17464449": "Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is a pleiotrophic cytokine that stimulates motility and invasion of several cancer cell types and induces angiogenesis, which is known to be expressed in several malignancies including glioma. The effect of transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) isoforrns as well as gangliosides on HGF production was investigated in human glioma cell lines. TGF-beta isoforms and gangliosides were found to differentially stimulate HGF production by these cells. The ganglioside GD3 enhanced this release to the greatest extent and the stimulation was more marked in a glioblastoma cell line than in the two other anaplastic astrocytoma cell lines. These results suggest that both TGF-betas and gangliosides may act as indirect angiogenic factors by stimulating HGF secretion.", "18349188": "Droperidol has a central antiemetic action and is widely used in the fields of psychiatry, anesthesia, and emergency medicine. It has been associated with prolongation of the QT interval of the electrocardiogram, and it may also be associated with torsades de pointes and sudden death. Although QT prolongation is consistent with droperidol-induced increases in cardiac ventricular action potential duration, the cellular mechanism for these observations has not been clearly studied. The rapidly activating delayed rectifier potassium channel, IKr, is a primary site of action of drugs causing QT prolongation and is encoded by the human-ether-a-go-go-related gene (HERG). To determine the mechanism underlying these clinical findings, we investigated the effect of droperidol on human HERG potassium channels.", "18398348": "Claudication is a debilitating consequence of peripheral arterial disease. Evidence is accumulating to suggest that large artery stiffness may influence peripheral perfusion and walking time through effects on peripheral hemodynamics as well as microvascular structure and function. We have previously shown that the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor ramipril increased systemic arterial compliance by 64%, and increased maximum walking time by over 200% in patients with peripheral arterial disease. In the current analysis in the same patient cohort, we hypothesized that this relationship may, in part, be causal.", "22387856": "Vascular calcification is a pathobiological process which leads to high morbidity and mortality in cardiovascular disease. The association between vascular calcification and osteoporosis has been reported widely, and there are close relationships among vascular calcification, related cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis, but the biochemical mechanism of vascular calcification is presently unclear. For exploring the possible mechanism of artery calcification we established aorta calcification in an animal model with vitamin D(3) and warfarin and tested the effect of alendronate on the expression of osteopontin and osteoprotegerin in calcified aorta tissue of the rat through measuring gene and protein expression of osteopontin and osteoprotegerin respectively. The results indicated compared with control group, the aortic calcium content of calcification group was obviously increased, osteopontin mRNA and osteoprotegerin mRNA were significantly reduced, and osteoprotegerin and osteopontin protein expressions were reduced. Compared with calcification group, the aortic calcium content of alendronate group was obviously reduced, osteopontin mRNA and osteoprotegerin mRNA were significantly increased, and osteopontin and osteoprotegerin protein expression were increased. We conclude that artery calcification may reduce the expression of osteopontin and osteoprotegerin. Alendronate may inhibit rat aorta calcification by up-regulating osteopontin and osteoprotegerin expression.", "18349203": "Total knee arthroplasty (TKA) is associated with considerable postoperative pain, which, if unrelieved, may result in prolonged hospital stay, inability to participate in rehabilitation programs, poor outcomes, and greater use of healthcare resources. The hypothesis of this study is that perioperative administration of celecoxib will improve analgesic efficacy, with a resultant improvement in short- and long-term clinical outcomes after TKA.", "12483735": "To evaluate the safety and efficacy of a maintenance regimen of infliximab in patients with active primary Sj\u00f6gren's syndrome (SS) over a 1-year period.", "17202332": "Growing evidence implicates CD40, a member of the TNFR superfamily, as contributing to the pathogenesis of many neurodegenerative diseases. Thus, strategies to suppress its expression may be of benefit in those disorders. To this aim, we investigated the effect of guanosine, a purine nucleoside that exerts neurotrophic and neuroprotective effects. CD40 expression and function are increased by exposure of mouse microglia cultures or the N9 microglia cell line to IFN-gamma (10 ng/ml) plus TNF-alpha (50 ng/ml) or beta amyloid (Abeta) peptide (Abeta(1-42); 500 nM). Culture pretreatment with guanosine (10-300 microM), starting 1 h before cytokine or Abeta addition, dose-dependently inhibited the CD40-induced expression as well as functional CD40 signaling by suppressing IL-6 production promoted by IFN-gamma/TNF-alpha challenge in the presence of CD40 cross-linking. Moreover, guanosine abrogated IFN-gamma-induced phosphorylation on Ser(727) and translocation of STAT-1alpha to the nucleus as well as TNF-alpha-/Abeta-induced IkappaBalpha and NF-kappaB p65/RelA subunit phosphorylation, thus inhibiting NF-kappaB-induced nuclear translocation. Guanosine effects were mediated by an increased phosphorylation of Akt, a PI3K downstream effector, as well as of ERK1/2 and p38 in the MAPK system, because culture pretreatment with selective ERK1/2, p38 MAPK, and PI3K antagonists (U0126, SB203580, or LY294002, respectively) counteracted guanosine inhibition on IFN-gamma/TNF-alpha-induced CD40 expression and function as well as on STAT-1alpha or NF-kappaB nuclear translocation. These findings suggest a role for guanosine as a potential drug in the experimental therapy of neuroinflammatory/neurodegenerative diseases, particularly Alzheimer's disease.", "9895070": "With the development of new computer-assisted target-controlled infusion (TCI) systems and the availability of short-acting anesthetics, total IV anesthesia (TIVA) has become increasingly popular. The aim of this study was to compare costs of TCI-based anesthesia with two standard anesthesia regimens. Sixty patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy were randomly divided into three groups. Group 1 (TIVA/TCI) received TIVA using a propofol-based TCI system and continuous administration of remifentanil; Group 2 (isoflurane) underwent inhaled anesthesia with isoflurane, fentanyl, and N2O; Group 3 (standard propofol) received fentanyl and N2O and a continuous infusion of propofol using a standard delivery system. Maintenance doses for anesthetics were adjusted according to the patient's need. Isoflurane consumption was measured by weighing the vaporizer by using a precision weighing machine. Duration of surgery and of anesthesia was similar in the three groups. Time from stopping administration of anesthetics until tracheal extubation (6+/-2 min) and stay in the postanesthesia care unit (PACU; 70+/-12 min) were shorter in Group 1 than in the Groups 2 (15+/-3 and 87+/-13 min, respectively) and 3 (10+/-4 and 81+/-14 min, respectively) (P < 0.05). Episodes of postoperative nausea and vomiting in the PACU and on the surgical ward were less common in Group 1 than in the other two groups. Intraoperative costs were higher in Group 1 ($62.19/patient; $0.55/min of anesthesia) than in Groups 2 ($16.97/patient; $0.13/min of anesthesia) and 3 ($34.68/patient; $0.32/min of anesthesia). Cost for discarded anesthetic drugs accounted for almost 18% of total intraoperative costs in Group 1. We conclude that TIVA/TCI anesthesia using propofol/remifentanil was associated with the highest intraoperative costs but the fewest postoperative side effects. An overall cost-effectiveness analysis of new anesthetic regimens must balance the direct cost of anesthetics and beneficial effects leading to improved patients' comfort.", "27483303": "We evaluated the role of iron deficiency (ID) without anemia on hearing function and cochlear pathophysiology of young rats before and after noise exposure. We used rats at developmental stages as an animal model to induce ID without anemia by dietary iron restriction. We have established this dietary restriction model in the rat that should enable us to study the effects of iron deficiency in the absence of severe anemia on hearing and ribbon synapses. Hearing function was measured on Postnatal Day (PND) 21 after induction of ID using auditory brainstem response (ABR). Then, the young rats were exposed to loud noise on PND 21. After noise exposure, hearing function was again measured. We observed the morphology of ribbon synapses, hair cells and spiral ganglion cells (SGCs), and assessed the expression of myosin VIIa, vesicular glutamate transporter 3 and prestin in the cochlea. ID without anemia did not elevate ABR threshold shifts, but reduced ABR wave I peak amplitude of young rats. At 70, 80, and 90 dB SPL, amplitudes of wave I (3.11 \u00b1 0.96 \u00b5V, 3.52 \u00b1 1.31 \u00b5V, and 4.37 \u00b1 1.08 \u00b5V, respectively) in pups from the ID group were decreased compared to the control (5.92 \u00b1 1.67 \u00b5V, 6.53 \u00b1 1.70 \u00b5V, and 6.90 \u00b1 1.76 \u00b5V, respectively) (p < 0.05). Moreover, ID without anemia did not impair the morphology hair cells and SGCs, but decreased the number of ribbon synapses. Before noise exposure, the mean number of ribbon synapses per inner hair cell (IHC) was significantly lower in the ID group (8.44 \u00b1 1.21) compared to that seen in the control (13.08 \u00b1 1.36) (p < 0.05). In addition, the numbers of ribbon synapses per IHC of young rats in the control (ID group) were 6.61 \u00b1 1.59, 3.07 \u00b1 0.83, 5.85 \u00b1 1.63 and 12.25 \u00b1 1.97 (3.75 \u00b1 1.45, 2.03 \u00b1 1.08, 3.81 \u00b1 1.70 and 4.01 \u00b1 1.65) at 1, 4, 7 and 14 days after noise exposure, respectively. Moreover, ABR thresholds at 4 and 8 kHz in young rats from the ID group were significantly elevated at 7 and 14 days after noise exposure compared to control (p < 0.05). The average number of young rat SGCs from the ID group were significantly decreased in the basal turn of the cochlea compared to the control (p < 0.05). Therefore, ID without anemia delayed the recovery from noise-induced hearing loss and ribbon synapses damage, increased SGCs loss, and upregulated prestin after noise exposure. Thus, the cochleae in rat pups with ID without anemia were potentially susceptible to loud noise exposure, and this deficit may be attributed to the reduction of ribbon synapses and SGCs. ", "7511208": "Molecular genetic analyses of a 376-kDa Golgi complex (GC) membrane protein (giantin) are described. The immunoglobulin G fraction of a human serum containing antibodies against GC antigens as revealed by indirect immunofluorescence microscopy with Hep-2 cells was used to screen a HeLa cDNA expression library, yielding four overlapping cross-hybridizing clones. Additional cDNA clones were retrieved from a lambda gt11 human thyroid cDNA library or generated by reverse transcriptase-mediated PCR from HeLa cell mRNA. Alignment of the clones resulted in a consensus cDNA of 10,300 bp encoding a protein of 376 kDa. The corresponding mRNA with a size of about 10 kb was detected by Northern (RNA) blotting of HeLa, Hep-G2, and Jurkat cell RNA. Sequence analyses of the protein revealed an extraordinarily high content of heptad repeats with the probability of forming coiled coils similar to the proteins of the myosin family. Five overlapping recombinant proteins covering the entire sequence were synthesized and used for antibody production in rabbits and for affinity purification of human and rabbit antibodies. Indirect immunofluorescence experiments also done with brefeldin A-treated Hep-2 and Pt K1 cells revealed an identical GC staining of both the affinity-purified human and rabbit antibodies. Double labeling experiments with antibodies against the GC marker mannosidase II as well as immunoelectron microscopic studies confirmed the localization of the protein within the GC. A corresponding endogenous large-molecular-mass protein of about 390 kDa was found in [35S]methionine-labeled Hep-2 cell lysates as well as in GC-enriched subcellular fractions from rat liver. The protein as well as the recently described proteins golgin-95 and golgin-160 (M. J. Fritzler, J. C. Hamel, R. L. Ochs, and E. K. L. Chan, J. Exp. Med. 178:49-62, 1993) may belong to a new group of Golgi proteins with a high content of heptad repeats which may exert functions in scaffold formation or vesicle transport. As far as can be concluded from immunological and personally communicated partial cDNA sequence data, the protein seems to be identical with a 400-kDa Golgi protein (giantin) recently described (A. D. Linstedt and H. P. Hauri, Mol. Biol. Cell 4:679-693, 1993). Therefore, we agreed to adopt the name giantin.", "14679216": "PTP20, also known as HSCF/protein-tyrosine phosphatase K1/fetal liver phosphatase 1/brain-derived phosphatase 1, is a cytosolic protein-tyrosine phosphatase with currently unknown biological relevance. We have identified that the nonreceptor protein-tyrosine kinase Tec-phosphorylated PTP20 on tyrosines and co-immunoprecipitated with the phosphatase in a phosphotyrosine-dependent manner. The interaction between the two proteins involved the Tec SH2 domain and the C-terminal tyrosine residues Tyr-281, Tyr-303, Tyr-354, and Tyr-381 of PTP20, which were also necessary for tyrosine phosphorylation/dephosphorylation. Association between endogenous PTP20 and Tec was also tyrosine phosphorylation-dependent in the immature B cell line Ramos. Finally, the Tyr-281 residue of PTP20 was shown to be critical for deactivating Tec in Ramos cells upon B cell receptor ligation as well as dephosphorylation and deactivation of Tec and PTP20 itself in transfected COS7 cells. Taken together, PTP20 appears to play a negative role in Tec-mediated signaling, and Tec-PTP20 interaction might represent a negative feedback mechanism.", "21183666": "In Escherichia coli more than 180 genes are regulated by the cyclic AMP (cAMP)-cAMP receptor protein (CRP) complex. However, more than 90% of cAMP that is made by intracellular adenylyl cyclases is found in the culture medium. How is cAMP exported from E. coli? In a tolC mutant, 0.03 mM IPTG (isopropyl-\u03b2-d-thiogalactopyranoside) was sufficient to induce \u03b2-galactosidase compared to 0.1 mM IPTG in the parent strain. In a cya mutant unable to produce cAMP about 1 mM extracellular cAMP was required to induce \u03b2-galactosidase, whereas in a cya tolC mutant 0.1 mM cAMP was sufficient. When cAMP in E. coli cya was generated intracellularly by a recombinant, weakly active adenylyl cyclase from Corynebacterium glutamicum, the critical level of cAMP necessary for induction of maltose degradation was only achieved in a tolC mutant and not in the parent strain. Deletion of a putative cAMP phosphodiesterase of E. coli, CpdA, resulted in a slightly similar, yet more diffuse phenotype. The data demonstrate that export of cAMP via TolC is a most efficient way of E. coli to lower high concentrations of cAMP in the cell and maintain its sensitivity in changing metabolic environments.", "24239290": "Folding-defective proteins must be cleared efficiently from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) to prevent perturbation of the folding environment and to maintain cellular proteostasis. Misfolded proteins engage dislocation machineries (dislocons) built around E3 ubiquitin ligases that promote their transport across the ER membrane, their polyubiquitylation, and their proteasomal degradation. Here, we report on the intrinsic instability of the HRD1 dislocon and the constitutive, rapid turnover of the scaffold protein HERP. We show that HRD1 dislocon integrity relies on the presence of HRD1 clients that interrupt, in a dose-dependent manner, the UBC6e/RNF5/p97/proteasome-controlled relay that controls HERP turnover. We propose that ER-associated degradation (ERAD) deploys autoadaptive regulatory pathways, collectively defined as ERAD tuning, to rapidly adapt degradation activity to misfolded protein load and to preempt the unfolded protein response (UPR) activation.", "29072571": "Chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CP/CPPS) type-III is a common disorder characterized by pelvic pain and lower urinary tract symptoms in the absence of active infection. The aim of this clinical study is to evaluate the results of thermobalancing therapy (TT) and to discus the possible etiology and pathophysiology of CP/CPPS.", "24992962": "BCL-X mRNA alternative splicing generates pro-apoptotic BCL-XS or anti-apoptotic BCL-XL gene products and the mechanism that regulates splice shifting is incompletely understood. We identified and characterized a long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) named INXS, transcribed from the opposite genomic strand of BCL-X, that was 5- to 9-fold less abundant in tumor cell lines from kidney, liver, breast and prostate and in kidney tumor tissues compared with non-tumors. INXS is an unspliced 1903 nt-long RNA, is transcribed by RNA polymerase II, 5'-capped, nuclear enriched and binds Sam68 splicing-modulator. Three apoptosis-inducing agents increased INXS lncRNA endogenous expression in the 786-O kidney tumor cell line, increased BCL-XS/BCL-XL mRNA ratio and activated caspases 3, 7 and 9. These effects were abrogated in the presence of INXS knockdown. Similarly, ectopic INXS overexpression caused a shift in splicing toward BCL-XS and activation of caspases, thus leading to apoptosis. BCL-XS protein accumulation was detected upon INXS overexpression. In a mouse xenograft model, intra-tumor injections of an INXS-expressing plasmid caused a marked reduction in tumor weight, and an increase in BCL-XS isoform, as determined in the excised tumors. We revealed an endogenous lncRNA that induces apoptosis, suggesting that INXS is a possible target to be explored in cancer therapies.", "15563976": "The development of type 1 diabetes results from the almost total destruction of insulin-producing pancreatic cells by autoimmune responses specific to cells. Standard insulin therapy may not maintain blood glucose concentrations within the relatively narrow range that occurs in the presence of normal pancreatic cells. We used a recombinant adeno-associated virus (rAAV) that expresses a single-chain insulin analogue (SIA), which possesses biologically active insulin activity without enzymatic conversion, under the control of hepatocyte-specific l-type pyruvate kinase (LPK) promoter, which regulates SIA expression in response to blood glucose levels. Here, we show that SIA produced from the gene construct rAAV-LPK-SIA caused remission of diabetes in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and autoimmune diabetic mice for a prolonged time without any apparent side effects. This new SIA gene therapy may have potential therapeutic value for the cure of autoimmune diabetes in humans.", "15507319": "Studies investigating the mechanisms that govern the expression of the human angiotensin II (Ang II) type 1 receptor (hAT1R) gene have progressed slowly due to the lack of human cell lines that express the AT1R. Recently, however, an immortalized human trophoblast cell line (HTR-8/SVNeo) was demonstrated to respond to Ang II. Therefore, we utilized this cell line to characterize the AT1R expressed on the cell surface and to investigate the mechanisms by which the hAT1R gene is regulated in these cells. HTR-8/SVNeo cells were shown to express functional high affinity AT1Rs having a Bmax value of 114+/-11 fmol/mg protein and a Kd value of 0.14+/-0.1 nM. Additionally, Ang II-induced IP3 production was mediated via the AT1R. Deletional analysis of the hAT1R promoter localized a major basal regulatory sequence within the -105 to -79 bp region, relative to the transcription start site, in HTR-8/SVNeo cells. Electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA) and Chromatin Immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay demonstrated that the transcription factors, Sp1 and Sp3, interact with this region of the hAT1R promoter in vitro and in vivo. Taken together, our data demonstrate that HTR-8/SVNeo cells express functional AT1Rs and that basal level expression of this gene is regulated, in part, by Sp1 and Sp3 in this cell line.", "22428884": "The transgenic tobacco plant XD4V-26 carrying the recombinant mouse aryl hydrocarbon receptor XD4V-mediated \u03b2-glucuronidase (GUS) reporter gene expression system was used for assay of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds consisting of polychlorodibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls (Co-PCBs) in actually contaminated soils. The transgenic tobacco plant XD4V-26 showed a significant dose-dependent induced GUS activity when cultured on MS medium containing PCB126 [toxic equivalency factor (TEF) = 0.1]. In contrast, PCB169 and PCB180, which have 0.03 of TEF and unassigned TEF values, respectively, did not significantly induce GUS activity under the same conditions as with PCB126. When the tobacco plants were cultivated for up to 5 weeks on actually contaminated soils with dioxins and dioxin-like compounds collected from the periphery of an incinerator used for disposal of life and industrial wastes, GUS activity in the leaves was dose-dependently increased. The plants clearly detected 360 pg-TEQ g(-1) of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds in this assay. There was a positive correlation between GUS activity and TEQ value of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds in the plants. This assay does not require any extraction and purification processes for the actually contaminated soil samples.", "22615246": "Plasmodium vivax invasion of human erythrocytes requires interaction of the P. vivax Duffy binding protein (PvDBP) with its host receptor, the Duffy antigen (Fy) on the erythrocyte surface. Consequently, PvDBP is a leading vaccine candidate. The binding domain of PvDBP lies in a cysteine-rich portion of the molecule called region II (PvDBPII). PvDBPII contains three distinct subdomains based upon intramolecular disulfide bonding patterns. Subdomain 2 (SD2) is highly polymorphic and is thought to contain many key residues for binding to Fy, while SD1 and SD3 are comparatively conserved and their role in Fy binding is not well understood. To examine the relative contributions of the different subdomains to binding to Fy and their abilities to elicit strain-transcending binding-inhibitory antibodies, we evaluated recombinant proteins from SD1+2, SD2, SD3, and SD3+, which includes 24 residues of SD2. All of the recombinant subdomains, except for SD2, bound variably to human erythrocytes, with constructs containing SD3 showing the best binding. Antisera raised in laboratory animals against SD3, SD3+, and SD2+3 inhibited the binding of full-length PvDBPII, which is strain transcending, whereas antisera generated to SD1+2 and SD2 failed to generate blocking antibodies. All of the murine monoclonal antibodies generated to full-length PvDBPII that had significant binding-inhibitory activity recognized only SD3. Thus, SD3 binds Fy and elicits blocking antibodies, indicating that it contains residues critical to Fy binding that could be the basis of a strain-transcending candidate vaccine against P. vivax.", "10231003": "The 70kD heat shock protein (Hsp70), induced when cells are subjected to environmental stress, prevents the denaturation and incorrect folding of polypeptides and may expedite replication and transmission of DNA and RNA viruses. We analyzed whether messenger RNA (mRNA) for Hsp70 was expressed following exposure of a cultured human cervical cell line (HeLa cells) to human semen or in cervical cells from sexually active women.", "15285468": "This paper describes a study of hypersensitivity and tissue reaction to loosened metal implants in 40 patients who underwent repeated hip arthroplasty. Metal sensitivity was tested using a standard cutaneous patch test. Nine patients were positive for chromium, nickel, cobalt, metal rust, endoprosthesis scrapings or combinations of these allergens. Patients with positive or negative patch test did not differ in terms of their age, sex, primary diagnosis, number of endoprosthesis revisions, length of implant function, presence of other metal parts around the implant, circulating immunocomplexes, and histological appearance of the tissue around the implant. In conclusion, stainless steel endoprostheses are safe for revised hip arthroplasty, and hypersensitivity to metals probably does not play a significant role in the loosening of endoprosthesis.", "16645343": "We have previously described the development of a onetube SYBR Green real-time RT-PCR assay for the detection and quantitation of infectious salmon anemia virus (ISAV) in various biological samples. The twofold aim of the present study was to verify that the optimized SYBR Green real-time RT-PCR conditions could detect ISAV isolates of different geographic origins, and to analyze the growth patterns of the selected ISAV isolates in the Chinook head salmon embryo (CHSE) -214 cells by this assay to better characterize their CHSE-phenotypes. A total of 24 ISAV isolates were used in this study. The results indicated that the SYBR Green real-time RT-PCR could detect ISAV of different geographic origins or laboratory sources. The capacity of ISAV isolates to cause cytopathic effects (CPE) in the CHSE-214 cell line, viral titration of the infected CHSE-cell harvests, and analysis of viral RNA levels in CHSE-214 cells at post-infection day zero, 7 and 14 by SYBR Green real-time RT-PCR confirmed the existence of three CHSE-phenotypes of ISAV: replicating cytopathic, replicating non-cytopathic, and non-replicating non-cytopathic. The identification of these three CHSE- phenotypes of ISAV has important implications from diagnostic and biological points of view.", "16325862": "Clinical symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD) include not only motor distress, but also autonomic dysfunction.", "23223528": "Mutations in the genes encoding the lung surfactant proteins are found in patients with interstitial lung disease and lung cancer, but their pathologic mechanism is poorly understood. Here we show that bronchoalveolar lavage fluid from humans heterozygous for a missense mutation in the gene encoding surfactant protein (SP)-A2 (SFTPA2) contains more TGF-\u03b21 than control samples. Expression of mutant SP-A2 in lung epithelial cells leads to secretion of latent TGF-\u03b21, which is capable of autocrine and paracrine signaling. TGF-\u03b21 secretion is not observed in lung epithelial cells expressing the common SP-A2 variants or other misfolded proteins capable of increasing cellular endoplasmic reticulum stress. Activation of the unfolded protein response is necessary for maximal TGF-\u03b21 secretion because gene silencing of the unfolded protein response transducers leads to an \u223c50% decrease in mutant SP-A2-mediated TGF-\u03b21 secretion. Expression of the mutant SP-A2 proteins leads to the coordinated increase in gene expression of TGF-\u03b21 and two TGF-\u03b21-binding proteins, LTBP-1 and LTBP-4; expression of the latter is necessary for secretion of this cytokine. Inhibition of the TGF-\u03b2 autocrine positive feedback loop by a pan-TGF-\u03b2-neutralizing antibody, a TGF-\u03b2 receptor antagonist, or LTBP gene silencing results in the reversal of TGF-\u03b2-mediated epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and cell death. Because secretion of latent TGF-\u03b21 is induced specifically by mutant SP-A2 proteins, therapeutics targeted to block this pathway may be especially beneficial for this molecularly defined subgroup of patients.", "10607850": "Organ transplantation is unfortunately limited by the number of cadaveric human donor organs that become available. Xenotransplantation - the transplantation of organs and tissues between animal species - would supply an unlimited number of organs and offer many other advantages. The leading candidate as a source of organs for xenotransplantation is the pig, as it is anatomically and physiologically similar to man. However, organ transplantation between distantly related species results in hyperacute rejection (HAR) of the transplant, which consists of a violent immune response involving the complement system, unleashed when organs are transplanted between distant relatives, such as pigs and humans. HAR destroys the blood vessels in the transplanted organs and kills them within minutes. Complement attack is due to the antibody-mediated activation of the complement cascade (human anti-pig antibodies have been identified as being directed against Gal-a1-3galactose epitopes on pig vascular endothelium), and this phenomenon is physiologically subjected to negative regulation by a set of species-specific proteins, known as regulators of complement activation (RCA), such as decay accelerating factor (DAF), membrane cofactor protein (MCP) and CD59. If human RCA are expressed by mammalian cells in vitro, the cells are protected against the lysis by human complement. Therefore the incorporation of human RCA into a xenogeneic organ by transgenesis should protect the transplanted organ or tissue from in vivo lysis by human complement. Major efforts are being made to overcome this hyperacute rejection. Methods being investigated include: i. depletion or inhibition of recipient antibodies or complement; ii. development of immunological tolerance to pig organs in the recipient; and iii. development of transgenic pigs that do not express the a-Gal epitope and/or express a human complement inhibiting protein (i.e., DAF). A small number of research teams, including our group, have embarked on programs to produce transgenic pigs for one of the human RCA, in the attempt to produce animals whose organs may be suitable for transplantation into humans.", "12115185": "To determine if n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) supplementation (versus treatment with n-6 polyunsaturated or other fatty acid supplements) affects the metabolism of osteoarthritic (OA) cartilage.", "23231732": "Cerebral stroke in young adults is not uncommon. Venous thromboses resulting from antiphospholipid antibodies (APAs) are one of causes of stroke in youths. This study aimed at evaluating the role of APAs in young patients with ischemic strokes.", "16219383": "This study is an investigation to experimentally confirm whether or not ultrasound (US) irradiation is effective in enhancing the in vivo gene expression of plasmid DNA in tumor. Dextran was cationized by introducing spermine to the hydroxyl groups to allow to polyionically complex with a plasmid DNA. The cationized dextran prepared was additionally modified with poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) molecules which have an active ester and methoxy groups at each terminal, to obtain cationized dextran with different percentages of PEG introduced. Various cationized dextrans with or without PEG introduction were mixed with a plasmid DNA of LacZ to form cationized dextran-plasmid DNA complexes. Electrophoretical examination revealed that the plasmid DNA was complexed both with the cationized dextran and PEG-introduced cationized dextran, irrespective of the PEG introduction percentage, although the higher N/P ratio was needed for plasmid DNA complexation with the latter. By complexation with the cationized dextran, the zeta potential of plasmid DNA was changed to be positive. The charge of PEG-introduced cationized dextran-plasmid DNA complexes became close to 0 mV as their percentage of PEG introduced increased, although the molecular size was about 250 nm, irrespective of the PEG introduction. When cationized dextran-plasmid DNA complexes with or without PEG introduction were intravenously injected to mice carrying a subcutaneous Meth-AR-1 fibrosarcoma mass and the subsequent US irradiation to the tumor mass percutaneously, the PEG-introduced cationized dextran-plasmid DNA complex plus US irradiation enhanced the tumor level of gene expression to a significantly high extent compared with the cationized dextran-plasmid DNA complex and free plasmid DNA with or without US irradiation. The enhanced level depended on the time period and timing of US irradiation. Fluorescent microscopic studies revealed that the localization of plasmid DNA and the gene expression were observed in the tumor tissue injected with the PEG-introduced cationized dextran-plasmid DNA complex plus the subsequent US irradiation. We conclude that complexation with the PEG-introduced cationized dextran combined with US irradiation is a promising way to target the plasmid DNA to the tumor for gene expression.", "16178425": "The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of morin, a flavonoid, on the pharmacokinetics of diltiazem and one of its metabolites, desacetyldiltiazem in rats. Pharmacokinetic parameters of diltiazem and desacetyldiltiazem were determined after oral administration of diltiazem (15 mg/kg) in rats pretreated with morin (1.5, 7.5, and 15 mg/kg). Compared with the control group (given diltiazem alone), pretreatment of morin significantly increased the absorption rate constant (Ka) and peak concentration (Cmax) of diltiazem (p<0.05, p<0.01). Area under the plasma concentration-time curve (AUC) of diltiazem in rats pretreated with morin were significantly higher than that in the control group (p<0.05, p<0.01), hence the absolute bioavailability (AB%) of diltiazem was significantly higher than that of the control group (p<0.05, p<0.01). Relative bioavailability (RB%) of diltiazem in rats pretreated with morin was increased by 1.36- to 2.03-fold. The terminal half-life (t1/2) and time to reach the peak concentration (Tmax) of diltiazem were not altered significantly with morin pretreatment. AUC of desacetyldiltiazem was increased significantly (p<0.05) in rats pretreated with morin at doses of 7.5 and 15 mg/ kg, but metabolite-parent ratio (MR) of desacetyldiltiazem was decreased significantly (p<0.05), implying that pretreatment of morin could be effective to inhibit the CYP 3A4-mediated metabolism of diltiazem. There were no apparent changes of Tmax and t1/2 of desacetyldiltiazem with morin pretreatment. Collectively, the pretreatment of morin significantly altered pharmacokinetics of diltiazem, which can be attributed to increased intestinal absorption as well as reduced first-pass metabolism. Based on these results, dose modification should be taken into consideration when diltiazem is used concomitantly with morin or morin-containing dietary supplements in clinical setting.", "23133439": "Norwalk virus (NoV) is responsible for most outbreaks of non-bacterial gastroenteritis. NoV is genetically diverse and show antigenically variable. Recently, we produced a monoclonal antibody called 5B-18 that reacts broadly with NoV genogroup II (GII). We suspected the 5B-18 binds to a conformational epitope on 3D structure of virion. X-ray crystallography showed us that 5B-18 binds to NoV at the P domain, which protrudes from the capsid surface of the virion. However, there seems to be no space that would allow the IgG to approach the virion. To solve this problem, we used cryo-electron microscopy to examine NoV GII virus-like particles (VLPs). The P domain rises up higher in NoV GII than in NoV GI, and it seems to form an outer layer around the virion. Finally, using in silico modeling we found the 5B-18 Fab arms and NoV P region are quite flexible, so that 5B-18 can bind the NoV virion from bottom of P domain. This study demonstrates the shortcomings of studying biological phenomenon by only one technique. Each method has limitations. Multiple methods and modeling in silico are the keys to solving structural problems.", "10722567": "Interactions between leukocytes and epithelial cells may play a key role in Helicobacter pylori-associated gastric mucosal inflammation. This process is mediated by various cell adhesion molecules. The present study examined the molecular mechanisms leading to H. pylori-induced epithelial cell intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1; also called CD54) expression. Coculture of epithelial cells with cytotoxin-associated gene pathogenicity island-positive (cag PAI(+)) H. pylori strains, but not with a cag PAI(-) strain or H. pylori culture supernatants, resulted in upregulation of steady-state mRNA levels and cell surface expression of ICAM-1. Coculture with H. pylori induced an increase in luciferase activity in cells which were transfected with a luciferase reporter gene linked to the 5'-flanking region of the ICAM-1 gene. H. pylori activated the ICAM-1 promoter via the NF-kappaB binding site. An inducible nuclear protein complex bound to the ICAM-1 NF-kappaB site and was identified as the NF-kappaB p50-p65 heterodimer. H. pylori induced the degradation of IkappaB-alpha, a major cytoplasmic inhibitor of NF-kappaB, and stimulated the expression of IkappaB-alpha mRNA. Pretreatment of epithelial cells with pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate, which blocks NF-kappaB activation, inhibited H. pylori-induced ICAM-1 expression. THP-1 macrophagic cells, peripheral blood mononuclear cells, and purified neutrophils adhered to H. pylori-infected epithelial cells to a greater extent than to uninfected cells. These results show that H. pylori directly induces expression of ICAM-1 on gastric epithelial cells in an NF-kappaB-dependent manner that may support leukocyte attachment during inflammation.", "18316554": "A blood test to detect colon cancer at a preventable stage would represent a major advancement. We have previously identified colon cancer-specific markers using focused proteomics analysis of nuclear structural proteins. Two of these markers, colon cancer-specific antigen (CCSA)-3 and CCSA-4, have been developed into blood-based markers that are able to distinguish individuals with colorectal cancer from those without. CCSA-2 is a distinct novel colon cancer marker identified using focused proteomics.", "24075532": "2,4-Dinitroanisole (DNAN) is an insensitive explosive ingredient used by many defense agencies as a replacement for 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene. Although the biotransformation of DNAN under anaerobic condition has been reported, aerobic microbial degradation pathway has not been elucidated. An n-methyl-4-nitroaniline degrading bacterium Pseudomonas sp. strain FK357 transformed DNAN into 2,4-dinitrophenol (2,4-DNP) as an end product. Interestingly, when strain FK357 was co-cultured with a 2,4-DNP degrading Rhodococcus imtechensis strain RKJ300, complete and high rate of DNAN degradation was observed with no accumulation of intermediates. Enzyme assay using cell extracts of strain FK357 demonstrated that O-demethylation reaction is the first step of DNAN degradation with formation of 2,4-DNP and formaldehyde as intermediates. Subsequently, 2,4-DNP was degraded by strain RKJ300 via the formation of hydride-Meisenheimer complex. The present study clearly demonstrates that complete degradation of DNAN occurs as a result of the metabolic cooperative activity of two members within a bacterial consortium. ", "25722125": "The health consequences of marital dissolution are well known, but little work has examined the impact of health on the risk of marital dissolution. In this study we use a sample of 2,701 marriages from the Health and Retirement Study (1992-2010) to examine the role of serious physical illness onset (i.e., cancer, heart problems, lung disease, and/or stroke) in subsequent marital dissolution due to either divorce or widowhood. We use a series of discrete-time event history models with competing risks to estimate the impact of husband's and wife's physical illness onset on risk of divorce and widowhood. We find that only wife's illness onset is associated with elevated risk of divorce, while either husband's or wife's illness onset is associated with elevated risk of widowhood. These findings suggest the importance of health as a determinant of marital dissolution in later life via both biological and gendered social pathways. ", "16735507": "We have previously demonstrated that the expression of human ribosomal RNA genes (rDNA) in normal and cancer cells is differentially regulated by methylation of the promoter CpG islands. Furthermore, we showed that the methyl CpG-binding protein MBD2 plays a selective role in the methylation-mediated block in rDNA expression. Here, we analyzed the role of three functional mammalian DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) in regulating the rDNA promoters activity. Immunofluorescence analysis and biochemical fractionation showed that all three DNMTs (DNMT1, DNMT3A, and DNMT3B) are associated with the inactive rDNA in the nucleolus. Although DNMTs associate with both methylated and unmethylated rDNA promoters, DNMT1 preferentially associates with the methylated genes. The rDNA primary transcript level was significantly elevated in DNMT1-/- or DNMT3B-/- human colon carcinoma (HCT116) cells. Southern blot analysis demonstrated a moderate level of rDNA promoter hypomethylation in DNMT1-/- cells and a dramatic loss of rDNA promoter methylation in double knockout cells. Transient overexpression of DNMT1 or DNMT3B suppressed the luciferase expression from both methylated and unmethylated pHrD-IRES-Luc, a reporter plasmid where the rDNA promoter drives luciferase expression. DNMT1-mediated suppression of the unmethylated promoter involves de novo methylation of the promoter, whereas histone deacetylase 2 cooperates with DNMT1 to inhibit the methylated rDNA promoter. Unlike DNMT1, both the wild type and catalytically inactive DNMT3B mutant can suppress rDNA promoter irrespective of its methylation status. DNMT3B-mediated suppression of the rDNA promoter also involves histone deacetylation. Treatment of HCT116 cells with Decitabine (a DNMT inhibitor) or trichostatin A (a histone deacetylase inhibitor) up-regulated endogenous rDNA expression. These inhibitors synergistically activated methylated pHrD-IRES-Luc, whereas they exhibited additive effects on the unmethylated promoter. These results demonstrate localization of DNMTs with the inactive rDNA in the nucleolus, the specific role of DNMT1 and DNMT3B in rDNA expression and the differential regulation of rDNA expression from the methylated and unmethylated rDNA promoters.", "26844455": "Gastrointestinal (GI) dysmotility is a common complication in acute, critically ill, postoperative, and chronic patients that may lead to impaired nutrient delivery, poor clinical, and patient-reported outcomes. Several pharmacological and nonpharmacological interventions to treat GI dysmotility were investigated in dozens of clinical studies. However, they often yielded conflicting results, at least in part, because various (nonstandardized) definitions of GI dysmotility were used and methodological quality of studies was poor. While a universally accepted definition of GI dysmotility is yet to be developed, a systematic analysis of data derived from double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trials may provide robust data on absolute and relative effectiveness of various interventions as the study outcome (GI motility) was assessed in the least biased manner.To systematically review data from double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trials to determine and compare the effectiveness of interventions that affect GI motility.Three electronic databases (MEDLINE, SCOPUS, and EMBASE) were searched. A random effects model was used for meta-analysis. The summary estimates were reported as mean difference (MD) with the corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI).A total of 38 double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trials involving 2371 patients were eligible for inclusion in the systematic review. These studies investigated a total of 20 different interventions, of which 6 interventions were meta-analyzed. Of them, the use of dopamine receptor antagonists (MD, -8.99; 95% CI, -17.72 to -0.27; P\u200a=\u200a0.04) and macrolides (MD, -26.04; 95% CI, -51.25 to -0.82; P\u200a=\u200a0.04) significantly improved GI motility compared with the placebo group. The use of botulism toxin significantly impaired GI motility compared with the placebo group (MD, 5.31; 95% CI, -0.04 to 10.67; P\u200a=\u200a0.05). Other interventions (dietary factors, probiotics, hormones) did not affect GI motility.Based on the best available data and taking into account the safety profile of each class of intervention, dopamine receptor antagonists and macrolides significantly improve GI motility and are medications of choice in treating GI dysmotility.", "15269168": "Genetic analyses in Drosophila have demonstrated that a transmembrane protein Dispatched (Disp) is required for the release of lipid-modified Hedgehog (Hh) protein from Hh secreting cells. Analysis of Disp1 null mutant embryos has demonstrated that Disp1 plays a key role in hedgehog signaling in the early mouse embryo. Here we have used a hypomorphic allele in Disp1(Disp1(Delta)(2)), to extend our knowledge of Disp1 function in Hh-mediated patterning of the mammalian embryo. Through genetic combinations with null alleles of patched 1 (Ptch1), sonic hedgehog (Shh) and Indian hedgehog (Ihh), we demonstrate that Disp1 genetically interacts with Hh signaling components. As Disp1 activity is decreased we see a progressive increase in the severity of hedgehog-dependent phenotypes, which is further enhanced by reducing hedgehog ligand levels. Analysis of neural tube patterning demonstrates a progressive loss of ventral cell identities that most likely reflects decreased Shh signaling as Disp1 levels are attenuated. Conversely, increasing available Shh ligand by decreasing Ptch1 dosage leads to the restoration of ventral cell types in Disp1(Delta2/Delta2) mutants. Together, these studies suggest that Disp1 actively regulates the levels of hedgehog ligand that are available to the hedgehog target field. Further, they provide additional support for the dose-dependent action of Shh signaling in patterning the embryo. Finally, in-vitro studies on Disp1 null mutant fibroblasts indicate that Disp1 is not essential for membrane targeting or release of lipid-modified Shh ligand.", "16686385": "Low-dosage adrenaline contained in local anesthetics is commonly used for hemostasis during functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS), but often causes significant hemodynamic side effects that might be neglected. A randomized, controlled, prospective clinical trial was designed to find out these effects after local infiltration of different concentrations and/or different dosages of adrenaline during FESS under general anesthesia.", "19504437": "To determine the inheritance mode and pathogenesis of a family with brachydactyly type A1 in Jining, Shandong province via clinical feature and disease gene analysis.", "25351391": "We describe a method to determine the nitrogen and oxygen isotopic composition of nitrate in groundwater samples ((15)N/(14)N and (18)O/(16)O, respectively), which is based on the analysis of nitrous oxide gas (N2O) that is produced quantitatively from nitrate by denitrifying bacteria. This method which is simple, inexpensive and effective in the removal of nitrite is greatly selective for NO2(-) and was used for mixed samples containing both NO2(-) and NO3(-) with little or no measurable cross-contamination. The precision of \u03b4(15)N and \u03b4(18)O are 0.3 and 0.17\u2030 respectively, compared to that of 0.1 and 0.5\u2030 abroad (Brand et al. in Org Geochem 21:585-594, 1994; Begley and Scrimgeour in Anal Chem 69(8): 1530-1535, 1997; Kornexl et al. in Rapid Commun Mass Spectrom 13(16):1685-1693, 1999; B\u00f6hlke et al. in Rapid Commun Mass Spectrom 17:1835-1846, 2003; Gehre and Strauch in Rapid Commun Mass Spectrom 17(13):1497-1503, 2003; Werner in Isot Environ Health Stud 39:85-104, 2003).", "20061500": "A novel Gram-staining-negative bacterial strain, designated DCY13T, was isolated from soil of a ginseng field in Korea and characterized by using a polyphasic approach. The phylogenetic analysis based on 16S rRNA gene sequences revealed that strain DCY13T forms a cluster with members of the genera Sediminibacterium, Flavisolibacter, Niabella, Terrimonas, Niastella and Chitinophaga in the family 'Chitinophagaceae', phylum Bacteroidetes, and shares highest sequence similarity (95.2 %) with Sediminibacterium salmoneum NJ-44T. Sequence similarity with other members of the family is 87.6-91.4 %. Cells are non-spore-forming rods, catalase and oxidase-positive, motile by gliding that grow under strictly aerobic conditions. The predominant respiratory quinone is menaquinone MK-7, and the major fatty acids are anteiso-C15:0, iso C16:0, anteiso-C17:0, and iso-C15:0. The G+C content of the genomic DNA is 47.8 mol%. The major cell wall amino acids are D-aspartic acid, D-glycine, D-serine, L-lysine, D-glucosamine, and D-alanine. The major cell wall sugars are ribose, xylose, and galactose. The major polar lipids are phosphatidylethanolamine, phosphatidylglycerol, and diphosphatidylglycerol. It is proposed that strain DCY13T represents a novel genus and species in the family 'Chitinophagaceae' for which the name Solibius ginsengiterrae gen. nov., sp. nov., is proposed. The type strain is DCY13T (= KCTC 12833T = JCM 15794T). Emended descriptions of the genus Sediminibacterium and of S. salmoneum NJ44T are also proposed.", "400712": "The effect of exercise on 125I-insulin binding to monocytes was studied in 10 healthy subjects. We found that acute exercise (bicycle ergometer for 3 h) led to a significant increase (36%) in insulin binding to monocytes, which returned to basal levels by 24 h after exercise. The changes in insulin binding were mainly due to an increase in receptor affinity. The increase in insulin binding during exercise correlated with the fall in plasma glucose but not with the decrease in plasma insulin or increase in blood ketones. We conclude that acute exercise increases insulin binding which may contribute to augmented insulin sensitivity associated with exercise.", "17546574": "Decisions leading to drug approval demand careful attention with respect to balancing benefits and risks. The new benefit-risk assessment model provides reassembling of the pieces of decision-making information using computer software to present a coherent overall picture for decision-makers. The aims of the study were to evaluate content validity of the new model and examine its practical application.", "16342351": "To evaluate effectiveness and quality of care in a single intensive care unit (ICU) by the Simplified Acute Physiology Score II (SAPS II).", "23936343": "The cross talk between RAGE and angiotensin II (AngII) activation may be important in the development of atherosclerosis. Soluble RAGE (sRAGE), a truncated soluble form of the receptor, acts as a decoy and prevents the inflammatory response mediated by RAGE activation. In this study, we sought to determine the effect of sRAGE in inhibiting AngII-induced atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E knockout mice (Apo E KO).", "11697497": "Prospective clinical studies including large numbers of patients have led to the conclusion that co-expression of myeloid antigens in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (My+ ALL) does not have prognostic significance. However, reports of the frequency of My+ ALL in children vary widely across laboratories using different mAb clones and staining and analysing procedures. Taking two commonly accepted thresholds of positivity for myeloid antigens (20 and 30%), we analysed the immunoreactivity of the most widely employed mAb clones against CD13 (SJ1D1, L138 and My7) and CD33 (My9, P67.6 and D3HL60) and compared the proportions of My+ ALL detected by these clones in childhood ALL. The correlation between myeloid antigen expression and the presence of the t(12;21) translocation was analysed concomitantly in the same samples. The percentage of ALL cases positive for myeloid markers varied significantly depending on the mAb clone and the positive threshold. Among patients with B-ALL, the proportion of CD13+ ALL was significantly lower using SJ1D1 than using L138 or My7, while the proportion of CD33+ ALL was significantly higher for My9 than for P67.6 or D3HL60. Analysis of the co-expression of CD13 and CD33 on B-ALL cells using combinations of mAb clones showed that this frequency was either underestimated by the SJ1D1/D3HL60 or overestimated by the L138/P67.6 and My7/My9 combinations. A correlation between CD13/CD33 positivity and the t(12;21) translocation was uniformly observed in B-ALL patients for a positive threshold of 30%, whereas SJ1D1/D3HL60 detected no correlation between t(12;21) and CD13/CD33 positivity when the threshold was lowered to 20%. These data show that the mAb clones commonly used to detect the CD13 and CD33 surface antigens have variable immunoreactivity against childhood ALL cells, which may partly explain the conflicting reports concerning the prognostic significance of myeloid antigen expression in paediatric ALL and its association with different translocations. The present findings may also be of clinical importance for therapeutic choices.", "25375973": "Oleaginous fungi are of special interest among microorganisms for the production of lipid feedstocks as they can be cultured on a variety of substrates, particularly waste lingocellulosic materials, and few fungal strains are reported to accumulate inherently higher neutral lipid than bacteria or microalgae. Previously, we have characterized an endophytic filamentous fungus Colletotrichum sp. DM06 that can produce total lipid ranging from 34% to 49% of its dry cell weight (DCW) upon growing with various carbon sources and nutrient-stress conditions. In the present study, we report on the genetic transformation of this fungal strain with the CtDGAT2b gene, which encodes for a catalytically efficient isozyme of type-2 diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT) from oleaginous yeast Candida troplicalis SY005. Besides the increase in size of lipid bodies, total lipid titer by the transformed Colletotrichum (lipid content \u223c73% DCW) was found to be \u223c1.7-fold more than the wild type (lipid content \u223c38% DCW) due to functional activity of the CtDGAT2b transgene when grown under standard condition of growth without imposition of any nutrient-stress. Analysis of lipid fractionation revealed that the neutral lipid titer in transformants increased up to 1.8-, 1.6- and 1.5-fold compared to the wild type when grown under standard, nitrogen stress and phosphorus stress conditions, respectively. Lipid titer of transformed cells was further increased to 1.7-fold following model-based optimization of culture conditions. Taken together, \u223c2.9-fold higher lipid titer was achieved in Colletotrichum fungus due to overexpression of a rate-limiting crucial enzyme of lipid biosynthesis coupled with prediction-based bioprocess optimization. ", "15007079": "Aggregation of receptors for immunoglobulin G (FcgammaRs) on myeloid cells activates a series of events that are key in the inflammatory response and that can ultimately lead to targeted cell killing by antibody-directed cellular cytotoxicity. Generation of lipid-derived proinflammatory mediators is an important component of the integrated cellular response mediated by receptors for the constant region of immunoglobulins (Fc). We have demonstrated previously that, in interferon-gamma-primed U937 cells, the high affinity receptor for IgG, FcgammaRI, is coupled to a novel intracellular signaling pathway that involves the sequential activation of phospholipase D, sphingosine kinase, calcium transients, and protein kinase C isoforms, leading to the activation of the NADPH-oxidative burst. Here, we investigate the nature of the phospholipase that regulates arachidonic acid and eicosanoid production. Our data show that FcgammaRI couples to iPLA(2)beta for the release of arachidonic acid and the generation of leukotriene B(4) and prostaglandin E(2). Activation of iPLA(2)beta was protein kinase C-dependent; on the other hand, platelet-activating factor triggered cPLA(2)alpha by means of the mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway. These studies demonstrate that intracellular PLA(2)s can be selectively regulated by different stimuli and suggest a critical role for iPLA(2)beta in the intracellular signaling cascades initiated by FcgammaRI and its functional role in the generation of key inflammatory mediators.", "2997609": "A syndrome of isolated immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) has recently been described in homosexual men. We have identified an antiplatelet antibody in the serum of 29 of 30 homosexual men with isolated ITP. The antibody binds to a platelet membrane antigen of 25,000 daltons, and binding is effected by the F(ab)2 portion of the immunoglobulin. Similar antibody activity was not detected in serum from 30 nonhomosexual patients with either ITP or nonimmune thrombocytopenia. The 25,000-dalton antigen was not found on other hematopoietic cells, and it was distinct from the core protein of the AIDS-associated retrovirus. In contrast, serum antibody reacted with a 25,000-dalton antigen associated with cultured herpes simplex virus Types I and II. In these experiments the antigen appeared to be derived from green-monkey kidney cells in which the herpes simplex viruses were grown. Identical antigenic activity was also demonstrated in uninfected human skin fibroblasts. We conclude that ITP in homosexual men is accompanied by a serum antibody directed against a platelet antigen of 25,000 daltons. The nature of the antigen and the relation of the serum antibody to ITP require further study.", "1359211": "Ageing is associated with impaired immune responses and increased infection-related morbidity. This study assessed the effect of physiological amounts of vitamins and trace elements on immunocompetence and occurrence of infection-related illness. 96 independently living, healthy elderly individuals were randomly assigned to receive nutrient supplementation or placebo. Nutrient status and immunological variables were assessed at baseline and at 12 months, and the frequency of illness due to infection was ascertained. Subjects in the supplement group had higher numbers of certain T-cell subsets and natural killer cells, enhanced proliferation response to mitogen, increased interleukin-2 production, and higher antibody response and natural killer cell activity. These subjects were less likely than those in the placebo group to have illness due to infections (mean [SD] 23 [5] vs 48 [7] days per year, p = 0.002). Supplementation with a modest physiological amount of micronutrients improves immunity and decreases the risk of infection in old age.", "20061557": "Caveolin-1 is implicated in the regulation of signal pathways. Adult T-cell leukemia (ATL) is a T-cell malignancy causatively associated with human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1). To determine the role of caveolin-1 in leukemogenesis, we examined caveolin-1 expression levels in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and ATL cells. These cells expressed high levels of caveolin-1 compared with uninfected T-cell lines and normal peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Caveolin-1-positive ATL cells were detected in ATL lymph nodes and skin lesions, and caveolin-1 was also detected in the plasma of patients with ATL. Infection of a human T-cell line, an epithelial cell line, and normal PBMCs with HTLV-1 induced caveolin-1 expression. The viral protein Tax transcriptionally activated caveolin-1 gene through nuclear factor-kappaB and cAMP response element binding protein signal pathways. HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines, and ATL cells are known to be resistant to transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta)-induced growth inhibition. Caveolin-1 was colocalized with TGF-beta type I receptor in HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and suppressed TGF-beta signaling. Caveolin-1 knockdown in an HTLV-1-infected T-cell line exhibited susceptibility to TGF-beta. Thus, we describe a new function for Tax, repression of TGF-beta signaling through caveolin-1 expression, which may play a critical role in ATL leukemogenesis.", "21372295": "Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are involved in the initial process of atherosclerosis, whereas it remains to be determined how atherogenic stimulus causes ROS-mediated proinflammatory reactions. Here, we focused on proline-rich tyrosine kinase (PYK2)-mediated ROS generation and examined how atherogenic stimulus causes early proinflammatory reactions.", "16842121": "Apoptosis plays an important role in maintaining the normal function of various tissues and organs in different species. Caspase-3 is a terminal caspases which plays an important role in the execution of apoptosis in all vertebrates. It was cloned from zebra fish embryos and its properties were identified through Western blotting and biological activity. In the cells over-expressing caspase-3, Western blotting with an anti-His-tag antibody confirmed the presence of caspase-3 in the three bands that were proposed to correspond to the precursor form (33 kDa), the mature forms processed at the prodomain alone (29 kDa, large subunit) and small sub unit (13 kD). Fish kidney cells were transiently co-transfected with the beta-galactosidase reporter gene and either vector alone (mock), pZCASP3His (caspase-3) or pZCASP3His mutant (caspase-3 mutant). After 72 h following transfection of fish kidney cells, 35% of cells transfected with the zebra fish caspase-3 construct, pZCASP3His, showed apoptotic morphology when compared with cells transfected with the mock vector or an expression construct (pZCASP3His mutant) encoding the caspase-3 mutant lacking Cys. The fusion proteins were expressed in Escherichia coli, isolated from cell lysates by nickel-affinity column chromatography, and cleaved with thrombin. A thrombin cleavage recognition site was positioned at the fusion junction to release the caspase-3 from the fusion protein. Phylogenetic analysis showed that the cloned zebra fish caspase was a member of the caspase-3 subfamily with approximately 60% identity with caspase-3 from Xenopus, chicken and mammals. We have obtained structural information by X-ray crystallography. Orthorhombic crystals of the caspase-3 that diffracted to 1.8 A were obtained in a mixture of 0.1 M imidazole (pH 6.0) and 0.4 M NaOAc (pH 7.0 -7.5), containing 30% glycerol. The space group is C222 with cell dimensions of a = 36.07 A, b = 38.80 A, c = 135.20 A.", "28040596": "Myocardial infarction has been reported to be responsible for about 7.3 million deaths each year globally. Present treatments for myocardial infarction have been more palliative rather than curative. Over the past few years, stem cells have demonstrated its potency in regenerating damaged cardiac tissue, especially after myocardial infarction. However, limited short half-life of the protein and cell therapy and low transplanted cell survival rate as demonstrated via several clinical trials have lead to development of more potent and novel delivery systems like biomaterial delivery system and the use of various growth factors. In this review, we will be enumerating and discussing the recent advances in cardiac regeneration with focus on stem cell, biomaterial and growth factors.", "20071663": "Adult T-cell leukemia (ATL) is a T-cell malignancy etiologically associated with human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 (HTLV-1). Twist, a highly conserved basic helix-loop-helix transcription factor, is a newly identified oncogene. However, there are no reports on Twist expression in ATL. To define the role of Twist in leukemogenesis of ATL, we examined its expression in T-cell lines and PBMC. HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and ATL cells expressed high levels of Twist compared with uninfected T-cell lines and normal PBMC. Immunohistochemistry showed immunostaining for Twist in ATL cells in ATL lymph nodes and skin lesions. Infection of normal PBMC with HTLV-1 induced Twist expression. Induction of the viral protein Tax in a human T-cell line led to upregulation of Twist. Tax-induced Twist expression involved the NF-kappaB and CREB signaling pathways. Twist augmented Tax-mediated HTLV-1 LTR and NF-kappaB activation. Short interfering RNA against Twist inhibited cell growth of HTLV-1-infected T-cell lines and downregulation of Twist expression in an HTLV-1-infected T-cell line inhibited the expression of Akt1, interleukin-2 receptor alpha chain, and Tax as well as the known target genes of Twist, YB-1 and Akt2. In conclusion, the results suggest that Tax-induced induction of Twist contributes to leukemogenesis of ATL.", "16555436": "This paper addresses several scientific and ethical issues that arise in the design and conduct of phase II clinical trials of experimental therapies. Although we discuss chemotherapy trials in acute leukemia, the issues pertain to a much larger class of early-phase clinical trials. Our focus is on the manner in which numerical values of standard and targeted response rates of a statistical design are specified, the number of interim tests that are applied, and the effects of these design features on early stopping probabilities and the treatments that patients actually receive. These points are illustrated by numerical comparisons of alternative designs for a particular phase II trial of a new drug for relapsed or refractory acute myelogenous leukemia. We show that statistical designs that target inappropriately low response rates or that apply early stopping rules too infrequently are at odds with good statistical and medical practice and that such designs often provide less benefit to the patients in the trial than would be obtained by simply treating all patients with standard therapy. The general conclusions are that statistical designs have both scientific and ethical implications, and that science, statistics, and ethics cannot be treated as separate issues.", "28794294": "The discovery of circulating microRNAs (miRNAs), as potential noninvasive diagnostic biomarkers, has opened new avenues of research for identifying transplant patients with chronic allograft dysfunction. The present study aimed to investigate the expression levels of 4 immune-related miRNAs, miR-21, miR-31, miR-142-3p, and miR-155, in plasma samples of kidney allograft recipients.", "16670135": "Peripheral arterial disease (PAD) affects up to 12% of adults older than 50 years of age. Conventional therapies have only modest effects in improving symptoms.", "19725757": "Even though 5-fluorouracil has been demonstrated to display antitumor activity against a wide variety of cancers, it is needed to be administered at high doses to elicit the required therapeutic activity, simultaneously leading to severe side effects. We hypothesized that the efficient delivery of 5-fluorouracil to tumors using a magnetic colloid could reduce the dose required to bring out sufficient therapeutic response. Thus, we have formulated a 5-fluorouracil-loaded magnetic nanomedicine consisting of a magnetic core (iron) and a biocompatible polymeric shell (ethylcellulose), suitable for parenteral administration. These core/shell nanoparticles were synthesized by an emulsion solvent evaporation process. Two drug loading methods were analyzed: the first one based on 5-fluorouracil surface adsorption onto the preformed nanoparticles, and the second method being drug addition prior to the emulsion solvent evaporation process leading to drug entrapment into the polymeric network. 5-Fluorouracil entrapment into the polymeric matrix yielded a higher drug loading and a slower drug release profile as compared with drug adsorption. Finally, as a proof of concept, Prussian blue staining has demonstrated the considerable accumulation of these magnetically guided composite nanoparticles in the tumors, suggesting the potential of this stimuli-sensitive drug carrier for the efficient treatment of cancer by active targeting.", "21061058": "The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of gold nanoparticles on the signaling cascade related to angiogenesis and vascular permeability induced by Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor (VEGF) in Bovine retinal endothelial cells (BRECs). The effect of VEGF and gold nanoparticles on cell viability, migration and tubule formation was assessed. PP2 (Src Tyrosine Kinase inhibitor) was used as the positive control and the inhibitor assay was performed to compare the effect of AuNPs on VEGF induced angiogenesis. The transient transfection assay was performed to study the VEGFR2/Src activity during experimental conditions and was confirmed using western blot analysis. Treatment of BRECs with VEGF significantly increased the cell proliferation, migration and tube formation. Furthermore, gold nanoparticles (500 nM) significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and tube formation, in the presence of VEGF in BRECs. The gold nanoparticles also inhibited VEGF induced Src phosphorylation through which their mode of action in inhibiting angiogenic pathways is revealed. The fate of the gold nanoparticles within the cells is being analyzed using the TEM images obtained. The potential of AuNPs to inhibit the VEGF165-induced VEGFR-2 phosphorylation is also being confirmed through the receptor assay which elucidates one of the possible mechanism by which AuNPs inhibit VEGF induced angiogenesis. These results indicate that gold nanoparticles can block VEGF activation of important signaling pathways, specifically Src in BRECs and hence modulation of these pathways may contribute to gold nanoparticles ability to block VEGF-induced retinal neovascularization.", "22552009": "To investigate the association of expression status of \u03b1-enolase (ENO1) and clinicopathological outcomes of CCA patients.", "21192145": "Depersonalization disorders (DPDs) are highly prevalent in population. However, the effect of lamotrigine on outpatients with DPD without psychiatric comorbidity has not been studied in a double-blind placebo-controlled design.", "11435477": "Human leukocyte-associated immunoglobulin-like receptor (LAIR)-1 is expressed on many cells of the immune system and is predicted to mediate inhibitory functions based on the presence of immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motifs (ITIMs) in its cytoplasmic domain. Although the role of LAIR-1 in the regulation of immune responses in vivo is unknown, LAIR-1 cross-linking by monoclonal antibody inhibits various immune cell functions in vitro. Here, we identify the colon carcinoma-associated epithelial cellular adhesion molecule (Ep-CAM) as a ligand for LAIR-1 and LAIR-2, a related soluble LAIR-1 family member. Ep-CAM interacts with the LAIR molecules through its first epidermal growth factor domain; Ep-CAM--specific antibodies can abrogate the binding. Intraepithelial T lymphocytes express LAIR-1 and thus may interact with Ep-CAM present on human intestinal epithelium. We propose that LAIR-1--Ep-CAM interaction may contribute to mucosal tolerance and that LAIR-2 possibly modulates this function.", "24804829": "Radionuclide contamination in terrestrial ecosystems has reached a dangerous level. The major artificial radionuclide present in the environment is (137)Cs, which is released as a result of weapon production related to atomic projects, accidental explosions of nuclear power plants and other sources, such as reactors, evaporation ponds, liquid storage tanks, and burial grounds. The release of potentially hazardous radionuclides (radiocesium) in recent years has provided the opportunity to conduct multidisciplinary studies on their fate and transport. Radiocesium's high fission yield and ease of detection made it a prime candidate for early radio-ecological investigations. The facility setting provides a diverse background for the improved understanding of various factors that contribute toward the fate and transfer of radionuclides in the terrestrial ecosystem. In this review, we summarize the significant environmental radiocesium transfer factors to determine the damaging effects of radiocesium on terrestrial ecosystem. It has been found that (137)Cs can trace the transport of other radionuclides that have a high affinity for binding to soil particles (silts and clays). Possible remedial methods are also discussed for contaminated terrestrial systems. This review will serve as a guideline for future studies of the fate and transport of (137)Cs in terrestrial environments in the wake of the Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant disaster in 2011.", "20159966": "We demonstrate that the transition from a reliance on glycolysis to oxidative phosphorylation in a transformed cell line is dependent on an increase in the levels and activity of sirtuin-3. Sirtuin-3 deacetylates cyclophilin D, diminishing its peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase activity and inducing its dissociation from the adenine nucleotide translocator. Moreover, the sirtuin-3-induced inactivation of cyclophilin D causes a detachment of hexokinase II from the mitochondria that is necessary for stimulation of oxidative phosphorylation. These results might have important implications for the role of sirtuin-3 in the metabolism of some cancer cells and their susceptibility to mitochondrial injury and cytotoxicity.", "23256543": "This study illustrates an evidence-based method for the segmentation analysis of patients that could greatly improve the approach to population-based medicine, by filling a gap in the empirical analysis of this topic. Segmentation facilitates individual patient care in the context of the culture, health status, and the health needs of the entire population to which that patient belongs. Because many health systems are engaged in developing better chronic care management initiatives, patient profiles are critical to understanding whether some patients can move toward effective self-management and can play a central role in determining their own care, which fosters a sense of responsibility for their own health. A review of the literature on patient segmentation provided the background for this research.", "10411496": "Recent controversies about genetically modified foods in the United Kingdom and several other European countries highlight the apparent differences that exist in public opinion on this subject across the Atlantic. Why are people in the United States seemingly untroubled by a technology that causes Europeans so many difficulties? The results of survey research on public perceptions of biotechnology in Europe and the United States during 1996-1997, together with an analysis of press coverage and policy formation from 1984 to 1996, can help to answer this question.", "20176361": "Finite element analysis (FEA) is a fundamental method to study stresses and strains in complex structures, with the accuracy of an FEA being reliant on a number of variables, not least the precision and complexity of the model's geometry. Techniques such as computed tomography (CT) allow general geometries to be derived relatively quickly; however, constraints on CT image resolution mean defining subcortical geometries can be problematic. In relation to the overall mechanical response of a complex structure during FEA, the consequence of variable subcortical modelling is not known. Here we test this sensitivity with a series of FE models of a macaque mandible with different subcortical geometries and comparing the FEA strain magnitudes and orientations. The validity of the FE models was tested by carrying out experimental strain measurements on the same mandible. These strain measurements matched the FE predictions, providing confidence that material properties and model geometry were suitably defined. Results of this study show that cortical bone alone is not as effective in resisting bending as it is when coupled with subcortical bone, and as such subcortical geometries must be modelled during an FEA. This study demonstrates that the fine detail of the mandibular subcortical structure can be adequately modelled as a solid when assigned an appropriate Young's modulus value, in this case ranging from 1 to 2 GPa. This is an important and encouraging result for the creation of FE models of materials where CT image resolution or poor preservation prevent the accurate modelling of subcortical bone.", "18824687": "The hepatitis C virus (HCV) is a positive strand RNA flavivirus that is a major causative agent of serious liver disease, making new treatment modalities an urgent priority. Because HCV translation initiation occurs by a mechanism that is fundamentally distinct from that of host mRNAs, it is an attractive target for drug discovery. The translation of HCV mRNA is initiated from an internal ribosomal entry site (IRES), independent of cap and poly(A) recognition and bypassing eIF4F complex formation. We used mRNA display selection technology combined with a simple and robust cyclization procedure to screen a peptide library of >10(13) different sequences and isolate cyclic peptides that bind with high affinity and specificity to HCV IRES RNA. The best peptide binds the IRES with subnanomolar affinity, and a specificity of at least 100-fold relative to binding to several other RNAs of similar length. The peptide specifically inhibits HCV IRES-initiated translation in vitro with no detectable effect on normal cap-dependent translation initiation. An 8-aa cyclic peptide retains most of the activity of the full-length 27-aa bicyclic peptide. These peptides may be useful tools for the study of HCV translation and may have potential for further development as an anti-HCV drug.", "17702391": "This paper describes natural products, semi-synthetic natural products and natural product-derived compounds used for treating antiparasitic, antiviral and neurological disease that were being evaluated in clinical trials or in registration from 1998 to the end of 2005.", "20577784": "Groundwater is the only source of water in the Gaza Strip. The results of a 10-year monitoring program revealed that more than 90% of the available water is not suitable for drinking purposes as a result of elevated chemical contaminants as well as microbiological organisms. The archives of the local hospitals showed catastrophic records on diseases caused by water directly and indirectly. Methemoglobinemia and dental fluorosis are well-known diseases caused by elevated nitrate and fluoride, respectively. Water-borne diseases are currently high and will increase if water, sanitation, and food-control services are not restored, or are allowed to deteriorate further. Heavy use and misuse of banned and prohibited pesticides may show other hard diseases in the near future. Geography, politics, and war combine to make the Gaza Strip a worst-case scenario for water-resource planners. Urgent alternative water resources should be secured and the human health should be given the highest priority.", "26361340": "A hyperspectral image projector (HIP) based on liquid crystal on silicon spatial light modulators is explained and demonstrated to generate data cubes. The HIP-constructed data cubes are three-dimensional images of the spatial distribution of spectrally resolved abundances of intracellular light-absorbing oxyhemoglobin molecules in single erythrocytes. Spectrally and spatially resolved image data indistinguishable from the real scene may be used as standard data cubes, so-called digital phantoms, to calibrate image sensors and validate image analysis algorithms for their measurement quality, performance consistency, and interlaboratory comparisons for quantitative biomedical imaging applications.", "22797821": "Genetic variations in glutathione S-transferase P1 (GSTP1) gene have been suggested to be involved in the development of cancer. However, the results from the studies regarding the association between GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and lung cancer risk in the Chinese population have been inconsistent. Thus, we conducted a meta-analysis to investigate the association. Published literature from PubMed, Chinese Biomedical Literature Database, Chinese Wanfang Data, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure databases were searched for eligible publications. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using random or fixed effect model. Ten studies (1,506 cases/1,714 controls) were included in the meta-analysis. The results suggested that GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism was marginally associated with lung cancer risk in the Chinese Han population under a multiplicative model (G vs. A, odds ratio (OR) = 1.22, 95 % confidence interval = 1.02-1.46), under a homogeneous codominant model (GG vs. AA, OR = 1.67, 95 % CI = 1.14-2.45), under a heterogeneous codominant model (GA vs. AA, OR = 1.15, 95 % CI = 0.98-1.35), under a dominant model (GG + GA vs. AA, OR = 1.21, 95 % CI = 1.04-1.39), and under a recessive model (GG vs. GA + AA, OR = 1.59, 95 % CI = 1.09-2.31), respectively. Moreover, after adjusted for age, gender, and smoking status, the significant association under dominant model remained (OR = 1.27, 95 % CI = 1.07-1.51). This meta-analysis suggested that there might be an association between GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism and lung cancer in the Chinese Han population.", "18308614": "The transfection of siRNA in vivo is essential for the study of gene functions, target validation, and for gene therapy. However, the successful delivery of siRNA in whole organisms is still very difficult to achieve. A high-pressure delivery technique, called the \"hydrodynamics\" method, has been used for siRNA transfection in mice. However, it is a method based on a high-speed and high-volume of i.v. injection, which makes it very difficult to implement in vivo, due to vascular breakage. Here, we systematically investigated ways to optimize the siRNA delivery, in order to avoid strong side effects, while achieving a high-efficiency siRNA-gene knockdown. We show here that the amount of siRNA delivered is crucial, as using too little or too much siRNA minimizes the knockdown effect. We demonstrate that by carefully identifying an optimal-minimal volume, and an optimal amount of siRNA, we achieve a high knockdown effect, with a 100% survival rate. We have previously shown that SphK1 plays a key role in anaphylatoxin (C5a) signaling in neutrophils and macrophages. Our approach, optimizing the dosage of siRNA, allowed us to successfully silence our target gene-product (SphK1) in vivo, and enabled us to validate SphK1 as a key player in our in vivo model of C5a-induced acute peritonitis and systemic inflammation including multi-organ damage, demonstrating that this improved siRNA-silencing method not only allowed us to identify SphK1 as a key therapeutic target, but brings us a step closer to the usage of siRNA for therapeutic intervention.", "25148935": "The transforming growth factor beta (TGF-\u03b2) pathway plays a key role in oncogenesis of advanced cancers. However, the effects of TGF-\u03b2 pathway on gliomas are still controversial. So, it is essential to conduct a meta-analysis to determine their correlations. Eligible studies were included, and then odds ratios (ORs), standard mean differences (SMDs), and hazard ratios (HRs) with 95 % confidence intervals (95% CIs) were estimated. Funnel plots were available for evaluation of publication bias. In this meta-analysis, all 14 eligible studies involving 875 patients were included and conducted in China. Six studies with dichotomous data revealed altered TGF-\u03b2 expression in glioma tissues was closely associated with high WHO grade (III + IV) (OR 4.39, 95% CI 2.90-6.63; p = 0.000), meanwhile, seven studies with continuous data also demonstrated TGF-\u03b2 expression intensity extremely related to high grade (SMD -2.44, 95% CI -2.71, -2.16; p = 0.000). To our interest, TGF-\u03b2 expression was associated with old age (OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.36-0.93; p = 0.025) rather than gender (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.64-1.67; p = 0.884). Besides, TGF-\u03b2 expression significantly correlated to 3-year-OS (n = 2; HR 2.53, 95% CI 1.18-5.41; p = 0.017) rather than 5-year-OS (n = 1; HR 1.04, 95% CI 0.66-1.64; p = 0.872) in glioma patients. No heterogeneity and publication bias were observed across all studies. Taken together, the present meta-analysis testifies TGF-\u03b2 is potently associated with high grade and poor 3 years prognosis, and TGF-\u03b2 test combined with survivin [1 Mol Neurobiol] and MMP9 [2 Mol Neurobiol] in glioma tissues should be clinically recommended as criteria of glioma grade in department of pathology.", "19471880": "This study systematically investigated the retention behavior of seven neutral ginsenosides Rg(1), Re, Rf, Rb(1), Rb(2), Rc, Rd, and an acidic ginsenoside R(0), the major pharmacologically active components of Radix Ginseng with RP-HPLC. The effects of solvent, pH value, ionic strength of the mobile phase, and column temperature were investigated using an octadecylsiloxane-bonded silica gel column. Based on the ginsenosides' retention characteristics, the concentration of acetonitrile and the gradient of the mobile phase needed to maintain the baseline separation of the major neutral ginsenosides in Radix Ginseng were theoretically predicted. Furthermore, the ionic strength of mobile-phase necessary to achieve good resolution of the neutral ginsenosides and acidic ginsenosides was carefully investigated. According to the results of the quantitative analysis of ginsenosides in eight batches of ginseng samples from different sources, the developed HPLC technique may be a valuable tool for the quality assessment of Radix Ginseng.", "26000912": "The purpose of this study was to investigate the serum proteins biomarkers by label-free liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry quantification methods in the Chinese patients with acute ischemic stroke (AIS).", "23780894": "To investigate the association between X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) Arg399Gln polymorphism and hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma risk, we performed a systematic meta-analysis of eligible case-control studies. Eligible studies were identified from the PubMed, Embase, and Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure databases up to March 2013. The odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95 % confidence interval (95 % CI) of XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism in hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma cases compared with those in controls were calculated. The meta-analysis was performed using fixed-effect or random-effect methods according to the absence or presence of heterogeneity. This meta-analysis included 1,558 cases with hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma and 1,338 controls. Meta-analysis of available data showed that there was no association between XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and risk of hepatitis virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma under all contrast models (Gln vs. Arg: fixed-effect OR = 0.92, 95 % CI 0.82-1.04, P = 0.18; GlnGln vs. ArgArg: random-effect OR = 0.79, 95 % CI 0.50-1.25, P = 0.32; GlnGln/ArgGln vs. ArgArg: fixed-effect OR = 0.92, 95 % CI 0.79-1.07, P = 0.28; and GlnGln vs. ArgArg/ArgGln: random-effect OR = 0.83, 95 % CI 0.52-1.34, P = 0.45). Sensitivity analysis further showed that there was no association between XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism and risk of hepatitis B-related hepatocellular carcinoma under all contrast models (Gln vs. Arg: fixed-effect OR = 0.93, 95 % CI 0.82-1.05, P = 0.25; GlnGln vs. ArgArg: fixed-effect OR = 0.86, 95 % CI 0.64-1.16, P = 0.32; GlnGln/ArgGln vs. ArgArg: fixed-effect OR = 0.93, 95 % CI 0.80-1.10, P = 0.41; and GlnGln vs. ArgArg/ArgGln: fixed-effect OR = 0.85, 95 % CI 0.63-1.13, P = 0.26). Our meta-analysis of the available data did not find an obvious effect of XRCC1 Arg399Gln polymorphism on hepatitis-related hepatocellular carcinoma. More well-designed studies with large sample are needed to further verify the effect.", "12680748": "This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of Lofexidine in treating children with tic disorders and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Subjects from a specialty tic disorders clinic were randomly assigned to receive 8 weeks of treatment with lofexidine or placebo under double-blind conditions. Follow-up visits occurred every 2 weeks for safety monitoring and dose adjustment. Fourty-four medication-free subjects (41 boys and three girls; mean age of 10.4 years) with ADHD, combined type, and a tic disorder participated. After 8 weeks of treatment, lofexidine was associated with a mean improvement of 41% in the total score on the teacher-rated ADHD Rating Scale compared to 7% improvement for placebo. Eleven of 22 subjects who received lofexidine were blindly rated on the Clinical Global Scale-Improvement as either much improved or very much improved compared to none of 22 subjects who received placebo. The mean score on the parent-rated hyperactivity index improved by 29% in the lofexidine group and 18% in the placebo group, which was not a significant difference. On the Continuous Performance Test, commission errors decreased by 25% and omission errors by 20% in the lofexidine group, compared with increases of 33% in commission errors and of 36% in omission errors in the placebo group. Tic severity decreased by 27% in the lofexidine group, compared to 0% in the placebo group. One lofexidine subject with sedation withdrew at week 4. Lofexidine was associated with insignificant decreases in blood pressure and pulse. Lofexidine appears to be a safe and effective treatment for children with tic disorders and ADHD.", "18824754": "Despite successful repair, patients with coarctation of the aorta (COA) often show persistent hypertension at rest and/or during exercise. Previous studies indicated that the hypertension is mainly due to abnormalities in the arterial bed and its regulatory systems. We hypothesized that ventricular systolic stiffness also contributes to the hypertensive state in these patients in addition to increased vascular stiffness.", "18800179": "Nitrates may have beneficial effects on bone. To determine if nitrates were associated with increased bone mineral density (BMD), we conducted a secondary analysis using data from subjects in a prospective study. Subjects reporting nitrate use had increased BMD compared with non-users, confirming that nitrates have positive BMD effects in women and men.", "19996213": "Cancer cells possess traits reminiscent of those ascribed to normal stem cells. It is unclear whether these phenotypic similarities are the result of a common biological phenotype, such as regulatory pathways.", "1654331": "A complementary DNA (cDNA) clone that encodes phosphatidylinositol 4-kinase (PI 4-kinase) was isolated from a rat brain cDNA library. The deduced amino acid sequence of 697 residues revealed that the protein contains two putative transmembrane sequences and that the N-terminal part of the protein has several sequences representing potential phosphorylation sites for cAMP- and calmodulin-dependent kinase. The C-terminal region is probably a phosphotransferase domain homologous to the kinase region of protein kinase family proteins. Specific antibody against the protein expressed in Escherichia coli successfully immunoprecipitated rat brain PI 4-kinase. The messenger RNA for PI 4-kinase was found predominantly in brain and rat neural cell lines. This PI kinase may play a specific role in neural signal transduction.", "27227402": "Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a common treatment in practice for schizophrenia in most developing countries. This is a meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of ECT alone versus antipsychotic (AP) monotherapy for schizophrenia using randomized, single-blind, controlled trial (RCT) data.", "21282367": "Insulin resistance in diet-induced obesity (DIO) is associated with a chronic systemic low-grade inflammation, and Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) plays an important role in the link among insulin resistance, inflammation, and obesity. The current study aimed to analyze the effect of exercise on TLR4 expression and activation in obese rats and its consequences on insulin sensitivity and signaling.", "20635202": "Bulking of activated sludge is a world-widely prevalent problem and can lead to loss of bio-oxidation, further deterioration of effluent quality, and even to a complete breakdown of the entire treatment process. Most common reasons of bulking are bacterial community changes, especially excessive growth of filamentous bacteria or excess of biopolymers on surface of non-filamentous microbes. Because of complex nature of the bulking phenomenon, the successful bulking control strategy finding is still a very important need awaiting new options and advices. The repetitive extragenic palindromic PCR (REP-PCR) fingerprinting method has been applied to distinguish bacterial community in non-bulking and bulking activated sludge. The characteristic REP-PCR fingerprinting patterns, using the Ward's clustering method, have been analyzed to determine homology/similarity relation between particular non-bulking and bulking sludge sampling. The received clustering results were in high concordance with activated sludge typing done based on physicochemical sludge analysis. The choice and application of molecular typing method in sludge analysis will depend upon the needs, skill level, and resources of the laboratory. The proposed REP-PCR method and statistical analysis of fingerprinting patterns seems to be simple, rapid, and effective methods to show differences between population in non-bulking and bulking activated sludge. It is easy to implement, and it may be useful for routinely activated sludge monitoring as well as may be helpful in early detection of bulking process.", "26099269": "To characterize the function of salicylic acid (SA) in acquired thermotolerance, the effects of heat shock (HS) on wild-type and sid2 (for SA induction deficient 2) was investigated. After HS treatment, the survival ratio of sid2 mutant was lower than that of wild-type. However, pretreatment with hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) rescued the sid2 heat sensitivity. HsfA2 is a key component of acquired thermotolerance in Arabidopsis. The expression of HsfA2 induced by SA was highest among those of heat-inducible Hsfs (HsfA2, HsfA7a, HsfA3, HsfB1, and HsfB2) in response to HS. Furthermore, the application of AsA, an H2O2 scavenger, significantly reduced the expression level of HsfA2 induced by SA. Although SA enhanced the survival of sid2 mutant, no significant effect on the hsfA2 mutant was observed, suggesting that HsfA2 is responsible for SA-induced acquired thermotolerance as a downstream factor. Further, real-time PCR analysis revealed that after HS treatment, SA also up-regulated mRNA transcription of HS protein (Hsp) genes through AtHsfA2. Time course experiments showed an increase in the fluorescence intensity of DCF in the mitochondria occurred earlier than in other regions of the protoplasts in response to SA. The cytochrome reductase activity analysis in isolated mitochondria demonstrated that SA-induced mitochondrial ROS possibly originated from complex III in the respiration chain. Collectively, our data suggest that SA functions and acts upstream of AtHsfA2 in acquired thermotolerance, which requires a pathway with H2O2 production involved and is dependent on increased expression of Hsp genes. ", "15703630": "Enteral nutrition is now the preferred route of nutritional support in malnourished and ICU patients. Studies providing evidence of its efficacy, techniques of administration, and outcome are appearing daily in the literature. This review presents the most important publications in this area and critically reviews them. In this way, the reader can rapidly access important publications from all those that are being published each year.", "27942479": "et al. published the first work describing CM as a clinical entity, occurring as a consequence of bilateral cerebellar injury. Other associated symptoms include visual impairment, altered mood, impaired swallowing and significant gross and fine motor deficits. The effects of this can have a devastating impact on both the patient and their carers, posing a significant clinical challenge to neurorehabilitation services. The reported incidence was between 8% and 31% of children undergoing surgery for posterior fossa tumour. The underlying pathologies include vasospasm, oedema, and axonal/neuronal injury. Neuroimaging has contributed to a better understanding of the anatomical location of postoperative injury. There have been a number of suggestions for treatment interventions for PFS. However, apart from some individual reports, there have been no clinical trials indicating possible benefit. Occupational therapy, speech and language therapy, as well as neurocognitive support, contribute to the recovery of these patients.", "19643988": "Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is currently treated with an intense regimen of chemotherapy yielding cure rates near 80%. However, additional changes using available drugs are unlikely to provide significant improvement in survival. New therapies are warranted given the risk of severe therapy-associated toxicities including infertility, organ damage, and secondary malignancy. Here, we report ectopic expression of the receptor tyrosine kinase Mer in pediatric B-cell ALL. Inhibition of Mer prevented Erk 1/2 activation, increased the sensitivity of B-ALL cells to cytotoxic agents in vitro by promoting apoptosis, and delayed disease onset in a mouse model of leukemia. In addition, we discovered cross-talk between the Mer and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathways. Our results identify Mer as a novel therapeutic target in ALL and suggest that inhibitors of Mer will interact synergistically with currently used therapies. This strategy may allow for dose reduction resulting in decreased toxicity and increased survival rates. Mer is aberrantly expressed in numerous other malignancies suggesting that this approach may have broad applications.", "23494240": "Previous studies evaluating the association between excision repair cross-complimentary group 2 (ERCC2) Lys751Gln polymorphism and susceptibility to cutaneous melanoma reported conflicting findings. We searched PubMed and Wangfang Medical databases up to October 16, 2012 to identify eligible studies. A total of 8 case-control studies including 3,492 cases and 5,381 controls were included in the meta-analysis. Statistical analysis was performed with Review Manage version 5.1. Odds ratios (ORs) with 95 % confidence intervals (95 %CIs) were used to assess the strength of the association. There was no obvious between-study heterogeneity among those eight studies under all four comparison models. Overall, there was a significant association between ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphism and susceptibility to cutaneous melanoma under three genetic models (for Gln versus Lys: OR = 1.08, 95 % CI = 1.01-1.15, P = 0.02; for GlnGln versus LysLys: OR = 1.16, 95 % CI = 1.01-1.33, P = 0.03; for GlnGln/LysGln versus LysLys: OR = 1.10, 95 % CI = 1.01-1.21, P = 0.04). Sensitivity analysis by omitting one study a time showed the significance of the pooled ORs was stable under all those three genetic models above. Therefore, the meta-analysis suggests that there is a significant association between ERCC2 Lys751Gln polymorphism and susceptibility to cutaneous melanoma.", "26074732": "Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is becoming a promising therapeutic modality for hematological malignancies. Hypericin is a natural photosensitizer possessing anti-depressant, anti-virus and anti-cancer activities. The present study was designed to explore the effect and mechanism of hypericin-mediated PDT on the mouse multiple myeloma (MM) cells in vitro.", "19086961": "A therapeutic level of 6-thioguanine nucleotides (6-TGN) has been reported in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) patients under azathioprine (AZA). We investigated the threshold value of 6-TGN that may be predictive of AZA refractoriness and its impact on safety profile.", "360062": "125I-insulin binding to monocytes was examined in five children and one adult with isolated growth hormone deficiency before and after three to 12 weeks of growth hormone treatment, and in eight controls. Before treatment, mean plasma glucose was 15 mg per deciliter below controls, and plasma insulin was reduced by 40 per cent. Insulin binding to monocytes was 70 per cent greater than controls (P less than 0.005). Insulin-mediated glucose uptake (determined in the adult patient) was 25 per cent greater than mean control levels. After treatment, plasma glucose rose to control levels, plasma insulin increased to 75 per cent above controls (P less than 0.01), and insulin binding fell to 50 per cent below controls (P less than 0.01). Insulin-mediated glucose uptake fell to 30 per cent below the mean control rate. Insulin binding increases in growth hormone deficiency and falls after treatment. These changes may contribute to alterations in insulin sensitivity accompanying altered growth hormone availability.", "1400454": "Apolipoprotein (apo) B-100 mRNA is edited in the small intestine (in all mammals examined) and the liver (in mice and rats only) to produce apoB-48 mRNA. ApoB mRNA editing involves a C-->U conversion of the first base of the codon CAA for Gln-2153 in apoB-100, changing it to an in-frame stop codon (UAA). The edited mRNA encodes apoB-48, which is colinear with the N-terminal 48% of apoB-100. ApoB mRNA editing can be reproduced in vitro using cellular extracts from one species to edit synthetic apoB mRNA sequences from a different species. Editing of transcripts from transfected genes also appears not to be species-specific. We have produced transgenic mice that express full-length human apoB-100 mRNA at high levels in the liver and small intestine. Human apoB-100 (a 550-kDa protein) but not apoB-48 (a 260-kDa protein) is detected in total plasma (at approximately 22 mg/dl) and in very low density and low density lipoproteins. The endogenous mouse plasma apoB concentration is reduced by approximately 45% in the transgenic animals. Thus, the transgenic mice form an animal model for familial hyperapolipoprotein B, an inherited form of hyperlipidemia. To our surprise, we found that the full-length human apoB mRNA consists of > 99% apoB-100 mRNA in both the liver and small intestine; < 1% of edited (apoB-48) mRNA was detected. The proportions of endogenous mouse apoB-48 (edited) mRNA (60 and 90% in the liver and small intestine, respectively) were identical in transgenic mice and their nontransgenic littermates. Therefore, full-length human apoB mRNA is resistant to editing by the mouse editing enzyme in vivo; the unchanged proportion of endogenous mouse apoB-48 mRNA in the transgenic mice suggests that the human mRNA competes poorly with the mouse sequence for interacting with the editing enzyme. This observation has implications for the sequence specificity and mechanism of RNA editing. Furthermore, we should exercise caution in the interpretation of in vitro RNA-editing experiments.", "12574348": "A human IgM Ab, serum-derived human IgM 12 (sHIgM12), is identified that binds mouse and human dendritic cells (DC), inducing dramatic immunopotentiation following treatment of the mouse DC in vitro. Competition, transfection, and knockout studies identified the ligand on mouse DC as the costimulatory molecule family member B7-DC. Potent T cell responses are stimulated by Ag-pulsed DC treated with the sHIgM12 Ab in vitro and upon adoptive transfer of Ab-treated Ag-pulsed DC into animals. The multivalent structure of pentameric IgM provides the potential for cross-linking cell surface targets, endowing the soluble Abs with biological potential not normally associated with immune function. The ability of the sHIgM12 Ab to potentiate the immune response is dependent on the multimeric structure of IgM, as bivalent monomers do not retain this property. Furthermore, pretreatment of DC with IgM monomers blocks subsequent potentiation by intact IgM pentamers, an indication that cross-linking of B7-DC on the cell surface is critical for potentiation of Ag presentation. These findings imply that, in addition to known costimulatory roles, B7-DC can function as a receptor for signals delivered by cells expressing B7-DC ligands.", "11206594": "Risperidone is an \"atypical\" antipsychotic with strong binding affinity for dopamine-2 and serotonin-2 receptors. Risperidone is often used to treat hospitalized patients who have acute psychotic decompensation, and the therapeutic target dose commonly used is 2 to 6 mg/day. The most common clinical practice is to titrate the dose of risperidone to the target therapeutic dose over several days. This study investigated the safety and tolerability of a rapid oral-loading regimen for risperidone developed to achieve therapeutic doses of this antipsychotic within 24 hours.", "18384711": "Neurological diseases, including Alzheimer's disease, stroke, and Parkinson's disease have been reported to increase the risk for fractures. The purpose of the present study was to clarify the efficacy of risedronate against hip fracture in patients with neurological diseases.", "25087939": "Recent studies have demonstrated the effectiveness of using prophylactic meshes to achieve abdominal wall closure, decreasing the risk of incisional hernia. However, the effect of prophylactic mesh placement on a patient's quality of life has not yet been evaluated.", "25779864": "The aim of our study is to compare uric acid plasma levels in patients with unipolar depression between those with Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) comorbidity and those without. Our hypothesis is that uric acid plasma levels may be higher in unipolar depressive patients with adult ADHD than without ADHD.", "6405790": "DNA polymerase-alpha was purified from the cytosol of blast cells of a patient with acute lymphoblastic leukemia by ammonium sulfate fractionation and successive column chromatographies. The purified enzyme had a specific activity of 2943 units/mg protein with activated calf thymus DNA as a template. The enzyme sediments under high-salt conditions as a homogeneous band at 7.2 S and free from other DNA polymerases (beta, gamma) and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase activity. The native molecular weight of the enzyme from gel filtration and glycerol gradient centrifugation was found to be 175 000. The values of Stokes radius (53 A), diffusion coefficient (4.05 x 10(-7) cm2/s) and frictional ratio (1.42) determined by gel filtration suggest that the native enzyme is compact and globular. Antibodies to DNA polymerase-alpha were raised in rabbits. These antibodies, partially purified by 50% ammonium sulfate saturation and Sephadex G-200 chromatography, gave one precipitin band on immunodiffusion and inactivate DNA polymerase-alpha-. This antibody preparation also inhibited, in vitro, the activity of DNA polymerase-alpha from calf thymus, phytohemagglutinin-stimulated normal human lymphocytes, as well as that from other leukemic cells. Thus, DNA polymerase-alpha from calf thymus and human leukemic cells resemble each other in antibody specificity.", "15867557": "To examine the relationship between gender and the development of hyponatremia in marathon runners.", "17227430": "Chloride channel proteins (ClC) are found in living systems where they transport chloride ions across cell membranes. Recently, the structure/function of two prokaryotic ClC has been determined but little is known about the role of these proteins in the microbial metabolism of chlorinated compounds. Here we show that transposon Tn5530 from Burkholderia cepacia strain 2a encodes a ClC protein (BcClC) which is responsible for expelling Cl(-) ions generated during the catabolism of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (a chlorinated herbicide). We found that BcClC has the ability to transport Cl(-) ions across reconstituted proteoliposome membranes. We created two mutants in which the intrachannel glutamate residue of the protein, known to be responsible for opening and closing the channel (i.e. gating), was changed in order to create constitutively open and closed forms. We observed that cells carrying the closed-channel protein accumulated Cl(-) ions intracellularly leading to a decrease in intracellular pH, cell stasis and death. Further, we established that BcClC has the same gating mechanism as that reported for the ClC protein from Salmonella typhimurium. Our results show that the physiological role of ClC is to maintain cellular homeostasis which can be impaired by the catabolism of chlorinated compounds.", "20225703": "Micronutrients can inhibit oxidation reactions due to micro-organisms in human tissues. In this randomized, double-blind and placebo-controlled pilot study, it was examined whether suppletion of a mixture of selected micronutrients could affect the outcome of conservative treatment of periodontitis. A group of 16 for periodontitis treated patients received a mixture of micronutrients consisting of alpha-tocopherol acetate, ascorbic acid, cholecalcipherol and an extract from green tea, whereas a group of 16 similar patients received a placebo. At baseline and after 3 and 6 months, in every patient the number of teeth with periodontitis, the number of gingival bleedings on probing, and the pocket depths were registered. An evident improvement was defined as 40% reduction of the number of gingival bleedings on probing or of the summated pocket depth. After 6 months, the number of gingival bleedings on probing was significantly more reduced in the experimental group when compared with the placebo group. Also evident improvement was significantly more observed in the experimental group when compared with the placebo group.", "10559146": "Our previous studies have demonstrated that the introduction of angiotensin II type I receptor antisense (AT(1)R-AS) cDNA by a retrovirally mediated delivery system prevents the development of hypertension in the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR), an animal model for primary hypertension in humans. These results have led us to propose the hypothesis that an interruption of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) activity at a genetic level would prevent hypertension on a permanent basis. F(1) and F(2) generations of offspring from a retroviral vector, LNSV- and LNSV-AT(1)R-AS-treated SHR, were generated, and various physiological parameters indicative of hypertension were studied and compared with those of their parents to investigate this hypothesis. Both F(1) and F(2) generations of LNSV-AT(1)R-AS-treated SHR expressed a persistently lower blood pressure, decreased cardiac hypertrophy and fibrosis, decreased medial thickness, and normalization of renal artery excitation-contraction coupling, Ca(2+) current, and [Ca(2+)](i) when compared with offspring derived from the LNSV-treated SHR. In fact, the magnitude of the prevention of these pathophysiological alterations was similar to that observed in the LNSV-AT(1)R-AS-treated SHR parent. The prevention of cardiovascular pathophysiology and expression of normotensive phenotypes are, at least in part, a result of integration and subsequent transmission of AT(1)R-AS from the SHR parents to offspring. These data demonstrate that a single intracardiac injection of LNSV-AT(1)R-AS causes a permanent cardiovascular protection against hypertension as a result of a genomic integration and germ line transmission of the AT(1)R-AS in the SHR offspring.", "1998509": "Clones possessing inserts of brain myosin II have been obtained by screening a rat brain cDNA expression library with a polyclonal antibody, raised against myosin II from the mouse neuroblastoma cell line, Neuro-2A. A partial sequence comprising the 3' coding and non-coding regions of the myosin message has been determined which is markedly different from other myosin sequences. The derived amino-acid sequence comprises the C-terminal 90 amino acids: VSS(PO4)LKNKLRRGDLPFVVTRRLVRKGTLELS(PO4)DDDDESKASLINETQPPQCLDQQ LDQQ LDQLFNWPVNAGCVCGWGVEQTQGEEAVHKCRT(CO2H). This sequence encompasses regions homologous to both the casein kinase II and protein kinase C heavy-chain phosphorylation sites. The non-helical \"tail-piece\" is considerably longer (an additional 39 amino acid residues) than found in other myosins. Northern blot analysis demonstrates this myosin II message to be unique to cerebral cortex, with no expression in all other non-cortical brain regions and peripheral tissues tested. Our results suggest functional diversity for myosin II isozymes within the brain.", "11165366": "The purpose of the present study was to establish a rat retinal ganglion cell line by transformation of rat retinal cells. For this investigation, retinal cells were isolated from postnatal day 1 (PN1) rats and transformed with the psi2 E1A virus. In order to isolate retinal ganglion cells (RGC), single cell clones were chosen at random from the transformed cells. Expression of Thy-1 (a marker for RGC), glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP, a positive marker for Muller cells), HPC-1/syntaxin (a marker for amacrine cells), 8A1 (a marker for horizontal and ganglion cells) and neurotrophins was studied using reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), immunoblotting and immunocytochemistry. One of the retinal cell clones, designated RGC-5, was positive for Thy-1, Brn-3C, Neuritin, NMDA receptor, GABA-B receptor, and synaptophysin expression and negative for GFAP, HPC-1, and 8A1, suggesting that it represented a putative RGC clone. The results of RT-PCR analysis were confirmed by immunocytochemistry for Thy-1 and GFAP. Upon further characterization by immunoblotting, the RGC-5 clone was positive for Thy-1, negative for GFAP, 8A1 and syntaxin. RGC 5 cells were also positive for the expression of neurotrophins and their cognate receptors. To establish the physiological relevance of RGC-5, the effects of serum/trophic factor deprivation and glutamate toxicity were analyzed to determine if these cells would undergo apoptosis. The protective effects of neurotrophins on RGC-5 after serum deprivation was also investigated. Apoptosis was studied by terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated fluoresceinated dUTP nick end labeling (TUNEL). Serum deprivation resulted in apoptosis and supplementation with both BDNF and NT-4 in the growth media, protected the RGC-5 cells from undergoing apoptosis. On differentiation with succinyl concanavalin A (sConA), RGC-5 cells became sensitive to glutamate toxicity, which could be reversed by inclusion of ciplizone (MK801). In conclusion, a transformed rat retinal cell line, RGC-5, has certain characteristics of retinal ganglion cells based on Thy-1 and Brn-3C expression and its sensitivity to glutamate excitotoxicity and neurotrophin withdrawal. These cells may be valuable in understanding of retinal ganglion cell biology and physiology including in vitro manipulations in experimental models of glaucoma.", "16899777": "Clinical trials have indicated a benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with stage IB, II, or IIIA--but not stage IA--non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This classification scheme is probably an imprecise predictor of the prognosis of an individual patient. Indeed, approximately 25 percent of patients with stage IA disease have a recurrence after surgery, suggesting the need to identify patients in this subgroup for more effective therapy.", "20455114": "The authors examined whether selected demographic and psychological factors would predict physical health dimensions in a sample of 53 cognitively high-functioning and ethnically diverse women (age 65-105 years).", "24977099": "Maternal complications and poor perinatal outcome are highly associated with nonutilisation of antenatal and delivery care services and poor socioeconomic conditions of the patient. It is essential that all pregnant women have access to high quality obstetric care throughout their pregnancies. Present longitudinal study was carried out to compare utilization of maternal and child health care services by urban and rural primigravida females. A total of 240 study participants were enrolled in this study. More illiteracy and less mean age at the time of marriage were observed in rural population. Poor knowledge about prelacteal feed, colostrums, tetanus injection and iron-follic acid tablet consumption was noted in both urban and rural areas. Very few study participants from both areas were counselled for HIV testing before pregnancy. More numbers of abortions (19.2%) were noted in urban study participants compared to rural area. Thus utilization of maternal and child health care (MCH) services was poor in both urban and rural areas. A sustained and focussed IEC campaign to improve the awareness amongst community on MCH will help in improving community participation. This may improve the quality, accessibility, and utilization of maternal health care services provided by the government agencies in both rural and urban areas. ", "18644686": "In order to improve boar sperm quality during frozen-thawed process, the influence of the presence of trehalose on success of cryopreservation of boar sperm were investigated. We evaluated freeze-thawing tolerance of boar spermatozoa in a base cooling extender with the addition of different trehalose concentrations (0, 25, 50, 100 and 200mmol/l), and tried to determine the optimum concentration of trehalose. We chose sperm motility, acrosome integrity, membrane integrity and cryocapacitation as parameters to evaluate cryopreservation capacity of boar spermatozoa. We obtained the best results for 100mmol/l trehalose-supplemented extenders, with values of 49.89% for motility, 66.52% for acrosome integrity and 44.61% for membrane integrity, while freeze-thawing tolerance was diminished significantly for 200mmol/l of trehalose. Before and after capacitation, the CTC score for semen diluted by extender containing 100mmol/l trehalose was 3.68% and 43.82%, respectively. In conclusion, trehalose could confer a greater cryoprotective capacity to boar spermatozoa. Trehalose-supplementation with 100mmol/l concentration in basic extender could significantly improve sperm motility, membrane integrity and acrosome integrity parameters, and reduce boar spermatozoa cryocapacitation during the cryopreservation process.", "19660498": "Lupus-associated anti-dsDNA Abs plays an important role in the triggering and development of human systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). The method of targeting B cells that produce anti-dsDNA Abs has become a promising way to treat autoantibody-mediated SLE in the immunotherapy field. In this study, we reported a novel pseudovirus, which consisted of the peptide DWEYSVWLSN and a plasmid encoding the Diphtheriatoxin A fragment (DTA). Our data demonstrated that vaccination of lupus-prone (BWF1) mice with the pseudovirus could eliminate anti-dsDNA antibody-producing B cells, reduce serum anti-dsDNA antibody levels, impede the development of proteinuria and improve survival. These findings suggested that this novel pseudovirus ablated autoreactive B cells and might represent a promising therapeutic strategy for autoantibody-mediated diseases.", "23261134": "In response to emotional faces, patients with adolescent bipolar disorder (ABD) exhibit increased neural activity in subcortical emotional processing regions (e.g., amygdala, ventral striatum) and variable prefrontal activity. We extend previous research by identifying cortical and subcortical regions showing altered hemodynamic response shapes in ABD relative to healthy controls (HC).", "22806240": "Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most frequently diagnosed cancers and the fourth leading cause of cancer-related death in the United States, suggesting that there is an urgent need to design novel strategies for achieving better treatment outcome of patients diagnosed with PDAC. Our previous study has shown that activation of Notch and NF-\u03baB play a critical role in the development of PDAC in the compound K-Ras(G12D) and Ink4a/Arf deficient transgenic mice. However, the exact molecular mechanism by which mutated K-Ras and Ink4a/Arf deficiency contribute to progression of PDAC remains largely elusive. In the present study, we used multiple methods, such as real-time RT-PCR, Western blotting assay, and immunohistochemistry to gain further mechanistic insight. We found that the deletion of Ink4a/Arf in K-Ras(G12D) expressing mice led to high expression of PDGF-D signaling pathway in the tumor and tumor-derived cell line (RInk-1 cells). Furthermore, PDGF-D knock-down in RInk-1 cells resulted in the inhibition of pancreatosphere formation and down-regulation of EZH2, CD44, EpCAM, and vimentin. Moreover, we demonstrated that epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) was induced in the compound mice, which is linked with aggressiveness of PDAC. In addition, we demonstrated that tumors from compound transgenic mice have higher expression of cancer stem cell (CSC) markers. These results suggest that the acquisition of EMT phenotype and induction of CSC characteristics could be linked with the aggressiveness of PDAC mediated in part through the activation of PDGF-D, signaling.", "25337571": "The mechanisms of cell or organ damage by chronic alcohol consumption are still poorly understood. The present study aimed to investigate the role of the mitogen-activated protein kinases during ethanol-induced damage to SK-N-SH neuroblastoma cells.", "376552": "Tissue sensitive to insulin and insulin binding to monocytes were evaluated in 15 nonobese maturity-onset diabetics and in 16 healthy controls. Insulin sensitivity was determined by the insulin clamp technique in which the plasma insulin is acutely raised and maintained 100 muU/ml above the fasting level and plasma glucose is held constant at fasting levels by a variable glucose infusion. The amount of glucose infused is a measure of overall tissue sensitivity to insulin. In the diabetic group, the fasting plasma glucose concentration (168+/-4 mg/dl) was 85% greater than controls (P < 0.01) whereas the plasma insulin level (15+/-1 muU/ml) was similar to controls. During the insulin clamp study, comparable plasma insulin levels were achieved in the diabetics (118+/-5) and the controls (114+/-5 muU/ml). However, the glucose infusion rate in the diabetics (4.7+/-0.4 mg/kg.min) was 30% below controls (P < 0.01). Among the diabetics, the glucose infusion rate correlated directly with the fasting plasma glucose level (r = 0.57, P < 0.05). In five diabetic subjects, glucose metabolism was similar to controls, and these diabetics had the highest fasting glucose levels. When they were restudied after prior normalization (with insulin) of the fasting plasma glucose (100+/-1 mg/dl), the glucose infusion rate during the insulin clamp was 30% lower than observed in association with hyperglycemia (P < 0.01). Studies that employed tritiated glucose to measure endogenous glucose production indicated comparable 90-95% inhibition of hepatic glucose production during hyperinsulinemia in the diabetic and control subjects.(125)I-insulin binding to monocytes in the diabetics (5.5+/-0.6%) was 30% below that in controls (P < 0.01). Insulin binding to monocytes and insulin action as determined with the insulin clamp were highly correlated in both control (r = 0.67, P < 0.01), and diabetic subjects (r = 0.88, P < 0.001). We conclude that (a) tissue sensitivity to physiologic hyperinsulinemia is reduced in most maturity-onset diabetics; (b) this decrease in sensitivity is located, at least in part, in extrahepatic tissues; (c) the resistance to insulin may be mediated by a reduction in insulin binding; and (d) in maturity-onset diabetics with normal tissue sensitivity to insulin, hyperglycemia may be a contributing factor to the normal rates of insulin-mediated glucose uptake.", "16891626": "Increased production of pro-inflammatory mediators is considered central in the manifestation of events leading to irregular uterine bleeding in progestin-only contraceptive users. Evidence suggests that in addition to its antimicrobial property, doxycycline (Dox) acts as an anti-inflammatory agent mainly through the suppression of pro-inflammatory mediators.", "22699755": "Tsip1, a Zn finger protein that was isolated as a direct interactor with tobacco stress-induced 1 (Tsi1), plays an important role in both biotic and abiotic stress signaling. To further understand Tsip1 function, we searched for more Tsip1-interacting proteins by yeast two-hybrid screening using a tobacco cDNA library. Screening identified a new Tsip1-interacting protein, Nicotiana tabacum Tsip1-interacting ferredoxin 1 (NtTfd1), and binding specificity was confirmed both in vitro and in vivo. The four repeats of a cysteine-rich motif (CXXCXGXG) of Tsip1 proved important for binding to NtTfd1. Virus-induced gene silencing of NtTfd1, Tsip1, and NtTfd1/Tsip1 rendered plants more susceptible to salinity stress compared with TRV2 control plants. NtTfd1- and Tsip1-silenced tobacco plants were more susceptible to infection by Cucumber mosaic virus compared with control plants. These results suggest that NtTfd1 might be involved in the regulation of biotic and abiotic stresses in chloroplasts by interaction with Tsip1.", "20332269": "Analysis of DNA, RNA, and protein extracted from tissue specimens in epidemiologic studies is useful for assessing etiologic heterogeneity, mechanisms of carcinogenesis, and biomarkers for prognosis and prediction of treatment responses. Fresh-frozen tissue samples may provide optimal quality nucleic acids, but pose multiple logistical considerations, including rapid access to tissues before histopathologic examination and specialized equipment for freezing, transport, and storage; in addition, morphology is often compromised. In contrast, formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue samples, including enormous archives of existing specimens, represent a valuable source of retrospective biological material for epidemiologic research, although presenting different limitations compared with frozen samples. Recent efforts have made progress toward enhancing the utility of FFPE specimens for molecular analyses, including DNA studies, and increasingly for RNA and other macromolecules. Here, we report the method that we used to simultaneously recover DNA and RNA from FFPE tissue specimens with appreciable quantity and quality and discuss briefly the application of tumor markers in epidemiologic studies.", "8934696": "A unique sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for the determination of ABH antigens in bloodstains has been developed. Human anti-A and -B antisera and Ulex europaeus anti-H lectin were coated on the inner surface of microplate wells. The sample antigens from bloodstains, solubilized with n-octyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside which was then removed by passing through a Sephadex G-25 (G-25) mini-column, were placed in the wells. After washing the wells repeatedly, peroxidase-conjugated Ulex europaeus lectin I was added and incubated. Antigen activities were determined by the development of colors using o-phenylenediamine/H2O2. This technique permitted clear detection of all ABH antigens corresponding to the antisera and lectin with high sensitivities. The A and B antigens were solubilized as aggregates with H antigen from the erythrocyte membrane. Excess detergent remaining in the sample reduced the sensitivity and accuracy of this ELISA, probably due to the removal of antibody from the wells by the effect of the surfactant. The treatment of solubilized antigens with G-25, an indispensable step, eliminated the adverse effect of the detergent on the ELISA. The ELISA method reported here was proved to be easy, economical and sensitive, and this technique should be useful in the forensic practice.", "21159666": "Durable responses in metastatic melanoma patients remain generally difficult to achieve. Adoptive cell therapy (ACT) with ex vivo engineered lymphocytes expressing high affinity T-cell receptors (TCR\u03b1/\u03b2) for the melanoma antigen MART-1\u2082\u2087\u208b\u2083\u2085/HLA-A*0201 [recognized by F5 cytotoxic T lymphocytes (F5 CTL)] has been found to benefit certain patients. However, many other patients are inherently unresponsive and/or relapse for unknown reasons. To analyze the basis for the acquired resistance and strategies to reverse it, we established F5 CTL-resistant (R) human melanoma clones from relatively sensitive parental lines under selective F5 CTL pressure. Surface MART-1\u2082\u2087\u208b\u2083\u2085/HLA-A*0201 in these clones was unaltered and F5 CTLs recognized and interacted with them similar to the parental lines. Nevertheless, the R clones were resistant to F5 CTL killing, exhibited hyperactivation of the NF-\u03baB survival pathway, and overexpression of the antiapoptotic genes B cell lymphoma protein 2 (Bcl-2), Bcl-2 related gene (long alternatively spliced variant of Bcl-x gene; Bcl-(xL)), and myeloid cell differentiation 1 (Mcl-1). Sensitivity to F5 CTL-killing could be increased by pharmacological inhibition of the NF-\u03baB pathway, Bcl-2 family members, or the proteasome, the latter of which reduced NF-\u03baB activity and diminished antiapoptotic gene expression. Specific gene-silencing (by siRNA) confirmed the protective role of antiapoptotic factors by reversing R clone resistance. Together, our findings suggest that long-term immunotherapy may impose a selection for the development of resistant cells that are unresponsive to highly avid and specific melanoma-reactive CTLs, despite maintaining expression of functional peptide:MHC complexes, due to activation of antiapoptotic signaling pathways. Though unresponsive to CTL, our results argue that resistant cells can be resensitized to immunotherapy with coadministration of targeted inhibitors to antiapoptotic survival pathways.", "12672770": "Infection with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) has been associated with an increased risk of multiple sclerosis (MS), but the temporal relationship remains unclear.", "19201797": "The enzymatic transfer of phosphoryl groups is central to the control of many cellular processes. One of the phosphoryl transfer mechanisms, that of acetate kinase, is not completely understood. Besides better understanding of the mechanism of acetate kinase, knowledge of the structure of butyrate kinase 2 (Buk2) will aid in the interpretation of active-site structure and provide information on the structural basis of substrate specificity. The gene buk2 from Thermotoga maritima encodes a member of the ASKHA (acetate and sugar kinases/heat shock cognate/actin) superfamily of phosphotransferases. The encoded protein Buk2 catalyzes the phosphorylation of butyrate and isobutyrate. We have determined the 2.5-A crystal structure of Buk2 complexed with (beta,gamma-methylene) adenosine 5'-triphosphate. Buk2 folds like an open-shelled clam, with each of the two domains representing one of the two shells. In the open active-site cleft between the N- and C-terminal domains, the active-site residues consist of two histidines, two arginines, and a cluster of hydrophobic residues. The ATP binding region of Buk2 in the C-terminal domain consists of abundant glycines for nucleotide binding, and the ATP binding motif is similar to those of other members of the ASKHA superfamily. The enzyme exists as an octamer, in which four disulfide bonds form between intermolecular cysteines. Sequence alignment and structure superposition identify the simplicity of the monomeric Buk2 structure, a probable substrate binding site, the key residues in catalyzing phosphoryl transfer, and the substrate specificity differences among Buk2, acetate, and propionate kinases. The possible enzyme mechanisms are discussed.", "10084103": "This study was undertaken to determine the minimum effective dose of granisetron, 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for the prevention of post-operative vomiting in children undergoing general inhalational anaesthesia for surgery (inguinal hernia and phimosis). In a randomized, double-blind manner, 120 children, ASA physical status I, aged 4-10 years, were assigned to receive placebo (saline) or granisetron at three different doses (20 micrograms kg-1, 40 micrograms kg-1, 100 micrograms kg-1) intravenously immediately after inhalation induction of anaesthesia (n = 30 of each). A complete response, defined as no emesis and no need for another rescue antiemetic during the first 24 h after anaesthesia, occurred in 57% with placebo, 67% with granisetron 20 micrograms kg-1, 90% with granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 and 90% with granisetron 100 micrograms kg-1 respectively (P < 0.05; overall Fisher's exact probability test). No clinically important adverse events were observed in any of the groups. Our results suggest that granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 is the minimum effective dose for the prevention of emesis after paediatric surgery, and that increasing its dose to 100 micrograms kg-1 provides no demonstrable benefit.", "19734285": "A Gram-negative, short rod-shaped bacterial strain, YC06271T, was isolated from the vermicompost (VC) collected at Masan, Korea and its taxonomic position was investigated by a polyphasic taxonomic approach. Strain YC06271T grew optimally at 28-30 degrees C and at pH 7.0-9.0. The 16S rRNA gene sequence of strain YC06271T was most closely related to members of the genera Bordetella (96.4-95.8 %), Achromobacter (96.0-95.7 %), Alcaligenes (96.0-94.2 %), Pusillimonas noertemannii (95.9 %), Pigmentiphaga (95.8-95.5 %) and less than 95.5 % similarity with the members of the other genera of the family Alcaligenaceae. Strain YC06271T contained ubiquinone-8 (Q-8) as the major respiratory quinone system and putrescine as the major polyamine. The major fatty acids of strain YC06271T were C16:1omega7c and/or C15:0 iso 2-OH and C16:0. The major polar lipids were phosphatidylglycerol and phosphatidylethanolamine. The G+C content of the genomic DNA was 55.4 mol%. Phylogenetic analysis, biochemical, chemotaxonomic and phenotypic characteristics strongly supported the differentiation of strain YC06271T from the validly published genera of the family Alcaligenaceae. Therefore, it is proposed that strain YC06271T represents a novel species within a novel genus, with the name Eiseniicola composti gen. nov., sp. nov. The type strain is YC06271T (= KCTC 22250T = DSM 21045T).", "25231122": "Selenium, in the form of selenoproteins, plays a pivotal role in anti-inflammatory processes and antioxidant defense system. The aim of this study was to examine the effects of selenium on lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced inflammatory responses in bovine mammary epithelial cells (bMEC) and to investigate the potential mechanism. bMEC viability was measured by MTT assay. TNF-\u03b1, IL-1\u03b2, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) messenger RNA (mRNA) expressions were evaluated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The activation of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-\u03baB) was determined by Western blotting. The results showed that the mRNA expressions of these inflammatory factors were significantly inhibited by selenium in a dose-dependent manner. At protein levels, Western blot analysis demonstrated that selenium dose-dependently decreased NF-\u03baB p65 translocating from the cytoplasm to the nucleus. Taken together, these results suggest that the anti-inflammatory property of selenium in LPS-stimulated primary bMEC may be attributed to the downregulation of NF-\u03baB activation.", "18022165": "To determine the effect of metformin pretreatment on in vitro maturation (IVM) in the patients with clomiphene citrate-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome.", "21364503": "Pain during the injection of propofol is a common clinical problem. Lidocaine pretreatment, preceded by venous occlusion, is the most popular method for reducing pain during the injection of propofol but cannot entirely control such pain. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of lidocaine, flurbiprofen axetil (an injectable prodrug of flurbiprofen), and the two in combination for reducing pain during the injection of propofol.", "25100064": "The confluence of obesity and diabetes as a worldwide epidemic necessitates the discovery of new therapies. Success in this endeavor requires translatable preclinical studies, which traditionally employ rodent models. As an alternative approach, we explored hibernation where obesity is a natural adaptation to survive months of fasting. Here we report that\u00a0grizzly bears exhibit seasonal tripartite insulin responsiveness such that obese animals augment insulin sensitivity but only weeks later enter hibernation-specific insulin resistance (IR) and subsequently reinitiate responsiveness upon awakening. Preparation for hibernation is characterized by adiposity coupled to increased insulin sensitivity via modified PTEN/AKT signaling specifically in adipose tissue, suggesting a state of \"healthy\" obesity analogous to humans with PTEN haploinsufficiency. Collectively, we show that bears reversibly cope with homeostatic perturbations considered detrimental to humans and describe a mechanism whereby IR functions not as a late-stage metabolic adaptation to obesity, but rather a gatekeeper of the fed-fasting transition. ", "23543587": "The purpose of this study is to find out the frequency of TP53 mutations in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients and correlate sensitivity of drug response with TP53 mutations. In AML more than 90\u00a0% of cases comprise of wild type TP53. 94.2\u00a0% of TP53 mutations are found within exon 5-8 of which 73\u00a0% are point mutations. TP53 mutations were analysed with high resolution melting curve analysis. We analysed 106 AML samples of which we found nine mutations which represents 8.5\u00a0% mutation rate and found one rare SNP. The effect of TP53 mutations were studied on the chemosensitivity of two new drugs AZD115 and RHPS4, an Aurora Kinase B inhibitor and Telomerase inhibitor respectively. Four mutations were found out of 17 for RHPS4 stating significant (p\u00a0=\u00a00.002) increase in sensitivity and no mutation found in AZD1152 database, but need more study to get definite conclusion.", "21077804": "The leaves of Foeniculum vulgare (Umbelliferae) were extracted and the major essential oil composition and immunotoxicity effects were studied. The analyses conducted by gas chromatography and mass spectroscopy (GC-MS) revealed the essential oils of F. vulgare leaves. The F. vulgare essential oil yield was 0.97%, and GC/MS analysis revealed that its major constituents were methyl clavicol (46.3%), \u03b1-phellandrene (18.2%), fenchone (10.6%), (E)-anethole (11.3%), myrcene (3.4%), and \u03b1-pinene (2.1%). The essential oil had a significant toxic effect against early fourth-stage larvae of Aedes aegypti L with an LC(50) value of 41.23\u2009ppm and an LC(90) value of 65.24\u2009ppm. Also, methyl clavicol (\u226598.0%), \u03b1-phellandrene (\u226595.0%), fenchone (\u226598.0%), (E)-anethole (\u226599.0%), myrcene (\u226599.0%), and \u03b1-pinene (\u226599.0%) were tested against the F(21) laboratory strain of A. aegypti. Fenchone (\u226598.0%) and (E)-anethole (\u226599.0%) have medium activity with an LC(50) value of 73.11\u2009ppm and 102.41\u2009ppm. The above data indicate that major compounds interaction may play a more important role in the toxicity of essential oil.", "22806317": "Noninvasive coronary angiography with multislice computed tomography (CT) scanners is feasible with high sensitivity and negative predictive value. The radiation exposure associated with this technique, however, is high and concerns in the widespread use of CT have arisen. We evaluated the diagnostic accuracy of coronary angiography using 320-row CT, which avoids exposure-intensive overscanning and overranging. We prospectively studied 118 unselected consecutive patients with suspected coronary artery disease (CAD) referred for invasive coronary angiography (ICA). All patients had 320-row CT within 1 week of ICA, which, together with quantitative analysis, served as the reference standard. Of the 65 out of 118 patients who were diagnosed as having CAD by ICA, 64 (98 %) were correctly identified at 320-row CT. Noteworthy, 320-row CT correctly detected CAD in 3 patients with atrial fibrillation and ruled out the disease in the other 8 patients. From 151 significant coronary stenoses detected on ICA, 137 (91 %) were correctly identified with 320-row CT. In the per-patient analysis, sensitivity and specificity of 320-row CT were 98 and 91 %, respectively. In the per-vessel analysis, sensitivity and specificity of 320-row CT were 93 and 95 %, respectively. In the per segment analysis, sensitivity and specificity of 320-row CT were 91 and 99 %, respectively. Diameter stenosis determined with the use of CT showed good correlation with ICA (P < 0.001, R = 0.81) without significant underestimation or overestimation (-3.1 \u00b1 24.4 %; P = 0.08). Comparison of CT with ICA revealed a significantly smaller effective radiation dose (3.1 \u00b1 2.3 vs. 6.5 \u00b1 4.2 mSv; P < 0.05) and amount of contrast agent required (99 \u00b1 51 vs. 65 \u00b1 42 ml, P < 0.05) for 320 row CT. The present study in an unselected population including patients with atrial fibrillation demonstrates that 320-row CT may significantly reduce the radiation dose and amount of contrast agent required compared with ICA while maintaining a very high diagnostic accuracy.", "23945013": "Cardiovascular diseases remain the primary reason of premature death and contribute to a major percentage of global patient morbidity. Recent knowledge in the molecular mechanisms of myocardial complications have identified novel therapeutic targets along with the availability of vectors that offer the chance for designing gene therapy technique for protection and revival of the diseased heart functions. Gene transfer procedure into the myocardium is demonstrated through direct injection of plasmid DNA or through the coronary vasculature using the direct or indirect delivery of viral vectors. Direct DNA injection to the myocardium is reported to be of immense value in research studies that aims at understanding the activities of various elements in myocardium. It is also deemed vital for investigating the effect of the myocardial pathophysiology on expression of the foreign genes that are transferred. Gene therapies have been reported to heal cardiac pathologies such as myocardial ischemia, heart failure and inherited myopathies in several animal models. The results obtained from these animal studies have also encouraged a flurry of early clinical trials. This translational research has been triggered by an enhanced understanding of the biological mechanisms involved in tissue repair after ischemic injury. While safety concerns take utmost priority in these trials, several combinational therapies, various routes and dose of delivery are being tested before concrete optimization and complete potential of gene therapy is convincingly understood.", "8142647": "Interleukin-3 (IL-3) and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) have previously been reported to induce rapid phosphorylation of the mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase. However, little is known about signaling events initiated by both hematopoietins that occur downstream of the MAP kinase. MAP kinase has been shown to phosphorylate the AP-1 transcription factor and also to activate two kinases designated insulin-stimulated protein kinase-1 and MAP kinase-activated protein (MAP-KAP) kinase 2. We show here that IL-3 and GM-CSF induce MAPKAP kinase 2 activity in the human megakaryoblastic leukemia cell line MO7 and phosphorylate the human small heat shock protein Hsp 27 on serine residues in vitro. GM-CSF also induced Hsp 27 phosphorylation in neutrophils in a range similar to that observed in MO7 cells, suggesting that MAPKAP kinase 2-mediated Hsp 27 activation occurs independently of proliferation. Hsp 27 phosphorylation was dose-dependent, occurred as early as 5 minutes after factor exposure, and was inhibited by the tyrosine kinase inhibitors genistein and herbimycin A. Furthermore, the protein phosphatase A2 abolished IL-3- and GM-CSF-induced serine phosphorylation of Hsp 27. Taken together, our findings indicate that tyrosine phosphorylation of MAP kinase is a prerequisite for serine phosphorylation of Hsp 27, which is mediated by MAPKAP kinase 2. Hsp 27 has shown activation-dependent translocation from the cytosolic to the nuclear region and has been linked to the cellular stress response. However, its precise function is largely unknown. Our data identify Hsp 27 as a target of the IL-3/GM-CSF stimulation pathway that involves MAP kinase and MAPKAP kinase 2. In addition, our results indicate that Hsp 27 may be target of phosphorylation events not only in the stress response but also in unstressed cells responding to cytokine stimulation.", "9649986": "This study was undertaken to determine the minimum effective dose of granisetron, a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 receptor antagonist, for the prevention of post-operative nausea and vomiting (PONV) in female patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. In randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study, 120 women were assigned to receive either placebo (saline) or granisetron at three different doses (20 micrograms kg-1, 40 micrograms kg-1 or 80 micrograms kg-1) intravenously immediately before the induction of anaesthesia. All patients received standardized anaesthesia consisting of isoflurane and nitrous oxide in oxygen. The incidence of PONV during the first 24 hours after anaesthesia was 43, 40, 13 and 13% after administration of placebo and granisetron 20 micrograms kg-1, 40 micrograms kg-1 and 80 micrograms kg-1, respectively (P < 0.05, overall Fisher's exact probability test). Adverse effects post-operatively were not different among the groups. In conclusion, granisetron 40 micrograms kg-1 is the minimum effective dose in the prevention of PONV after laparoscopic cholecystectomy.", "24715076": "Is oral zinc associated with a shorter duration, decreased severity, and reduced incidence of the common cold compared with placebo?", "9649996": "This study was undertaken to determine whether epidural analgesia has any benefit for post-operative pain relief in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Patients were randomly assigned to receive post-operative epidural analgesia with a morphine-bupivacaine combination (Group A, n = 22) or placebo (saline) (Group B, n = 22). The same standard general anaesthetic technique, which consists of nitrous oxide and isoflurane in oxygen was used. Analgesia was assessed using visual analogue pain scores (0-10 cm). The evaluation was carried out 24 and 48 h post-operatively. At 24 h after anaesthesia, pain scores in Group A (2.3 +/- 1.2) were lower than those in Group B (4.4 +/- 1.5) (P < 0.05). However, at 48 h post-operatively, no difference in scores was observed between the two groups. In conclusion, epidural analgesia with a morphine-bupivacaine combination improves pain relief during the first 24 h following laparoscopic cholecystectomy.", "24141646": "Addition of nonopioid analgesic drugs reduces pain and opioid requirements in acute low back pain. In noncancer chronic low back pain (CLBP), the efficacy of a combined regimen to reduce breakthrough pain has not been proven so far.", "17719120": "Ophthalmic drug delivery is one of the most interesting and challenging endeavors facing the pharmaceutical scientist. The conventional ocular drug delivery systems like solutions, suspensions, and ointments show drawbacks such as increased precorneal elimination, high variability in efficiency, and blurred vision respectively. In situ-forming hydrogels are liquid upon instillation and undergo phase transition in the ocular cul-de-sac to form visco-elastic gel and this provides a response to environmental changes. In the past few years, an impressive number of novel temperature, pH, and ion induced in situ-forming systems have been reported for sustain ophthalmic drug delivery. Each system has its own advantages and drawbacks. The choice of a particular hydrogel depends on its intrinsic properties and envisaged therapeutic use. This review includes various temperature, pH, and ion induced in situ-forming polymeric systems used to achieve prolonged contact time of drugs with the cornea and increase their bioavailability.", "9199447": "The ability of Streptococcus pyogenes to invade human epithelial cells has been suggested to be an important contributing factor to the bacterium's ability to cause severe, invasive infections. We know little, however, of the mechanism underlying intracellular invasion by this organism. In this study, we demonstrate that the invasion of cultured human epithelial cells by a serotype M1 strain of S. pyogenes (strain 90-226) is stimulated over 50-fold by the addition of fetal calf serum (FCS) to the cell culture medium (RPMI medium). Purified human fibrinogen and peptides containing the sequence Arg-Gly-Asp (RGD) were also found to promote bacterial invasion of cultured cells. Experiments that demonstrate that the agonists stimulate invasion by interacting with bacterial cells are described. Invasion stimulation did not appear to involve de novo synthesis of a bacterial protein, as FCS and fibrinogen stimulated invasion in the presence of chloramphenicol. Although the agonists stimulated adherence by up to threefold, strain 90-226 efficiently adhered to cultured cells in unsupplemented RPMI medium. The invasion index (the number of internalized CFU/the number of adherent CFU) of strain 90-226 was increased 10- to 25-fold by the addition of the agonists. Postinternalization survival of bacteria was unaffected by fibrinogen or FCS. Thus, the agonistic factors affect the efficiency by which adherent bacteria are internalized by epithelial cells.", "18382681": "A major challenge in oncology is the selection of the most effective chemotherapeutic agents for individual patients, while the administration of ineffective chemotherapy increases mortality and decreases quality of life in cancer patients. This emphasizes the need to evaluate every patient's probability of responding to each chemotherapeutic agent and limiting the agents used to those most likely to be effective.", "25132890": "To assess the incidence, severity pattern, causality, predictability and preventability of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) and to identify risk factors for adverse drug reactions in highly active antiretroviral therapy.", "24018781": "This study aims to evaluate the effects of an angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB)/calcium channel blocker combination on blood pressure control, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, and inflammation markers. We randomized 276 hypertensive patients to olmesartan 20 mg, amlodipine 10 mg, or a single pill containing an olmesartan/amlodipine combination 20/5 mg for 12 months. We evaluated the following: body weight, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, fasting plasma insulin (FPI), M value, lipid profile, adiponectin (ADN), high sensitivity C-reactive protein (Hs-CRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), and macrophage migration inhibitory factor-1\u03b2 (MIP-1\u03b2). Olmesartan/amlodipine combination better reduced blood pressure, FPI, homeostasis model assessment index, and increased M value and ADN compared to olmesartan and amlodipine monotherapies. Olmesartan/amlodipine significantly decreased Hs-CRP, MCP-1, and MIP-1\u03b2. In this multicenter, randomized, double-blind, clinical study, ARB/calcium antagonist combination resulted to be more effective than single monotherapies in reducing blood pressure, in improving insulin sensitivity, and in reducing inflammation parameters in patients with stage I essential hypertension.", "22912868": "While Dupuytren's disease can cause disabling contractures requiring open surgery, a less-invasive option using Clostridium Histolyticum collagenase (CHC) via percutaneous injection was recently reported. A recent prospective, randomized trial demonstrated few complications during 90 days follow-up, however did not assess any longer term follow-up for these patients. Long-term outcomes in this setting have not been adequately reported, and the current manuscript aims to identify late complications from the clinical use of percutaneous CHC.", "17973093": "The flagella master regulatory gene flhDC of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis serotype III (YPIII) was mutated by deleting the middle region and replaced by a tetracycline resistant gene, and the subsequent mutant strain named YPIIIDeltaflhDC was obtained. Swimming assay showed that the swimming motility of the mutant strain was completely abolished. The promoter region of the flagella second-class regulatory gene fliA was fused with the lux box, and was conjugated with the mutant and the parent strains respectively for the first cross. LUCY assay result demonstrated that flhDC regulated the expression of fliA in YPIII as reported in E. coli. Biofilm formation of the mutant strain on abiotic and biotic surfaces was observed and quantified. The results showed that mutation of flhDC decreased biofilm formation on both abiotic and biotic surfaces, and abated the infection on Caenorhabdtis elegans. Our results suggest that mutation of the flagella master regulatory gene flhDC not only abolished the swimming motility, but also affected biofilm formation of YPIII on different surfaces. The new function of flhDC identified in this study provides a novel viewpoint for the control of bacterial biofilm formation.", "21421929": "A light-yellow pigmented bacterial strain designated SPIO-19(T) was isolated from seawater in Taiwan and was characterized using the polyphasic taxonomy approach. Strain SPIO-19(T) was Gram-negative, obligately aerobic, rod-shaped, motile by means of one polar flagellum and non-spore forming. Growth occurred at 15-42\u00b0C (optimum, 30-40\u00b0C), at pH 5.0-9.0 (optimum, pH 8.0) and with 0.5-9.0% NaCl (optimum, 1.0-5.0%). Phylogenetic analyses based on 16S rRNA gene sequences showed that strain SPIO-19(T) belonged to the genus Stappia and its closest neighbours were Stappia indica B106(T) and Stappia stellulata IAM 12621(T) with sequence similarities of 98.0% and 97.9%, respectively. Strain SPIO-19(T) contained C(18:1)\u03c97c as predominant fatty acid. The major isoprenoid quinone was Q-10 and the DNA G+C content was 64.5 mol%. The polar lipid profile consisted of a mixture of phosphatidylglycerol (PG), diphosphatidylglycerol (DPG), phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), phosphatidylmonomethylethanolamine (PMME), phosphatidylcholine (PC), an uncharacterized aminolipid (AL) and an uncharacterized phospholipid (PL). The level of DNA-DNA relatedness of strain SPIO-19(T) to Stappia indica B106(T) and to Stappia stellulata IAM 12621(T) was 22.6 \u00b1 2.8 % and 38.9 \u00b1 3.8 %, respectively. On the basis of the genotypic and phenotypic data, strain SPIO-19(T) represents a new species in the genus Stappia, for which the name Stappia aquimarina sp. nov. is proposed. The type strain is SPIO-19(T) (=BCRC 80170(T) =LMG 25532(T)).", "26550123": "Postoperative nausea and vomiting (PONV) is a frequent complication in postoperative period. The aim of the current meta-analysis was to assess the efficacy of dexmedetomidine on PONV.", "18268018": "The subcellular localization of ERKs in cells, which is important for proper signaling, may be regulated through protein-protein interactions. We found that inactive ERK2 interacts with a large number of proteins through its cytosolic retention sequence/common docking domain, whereas the phospho-ERK2 interacts with only few substrates. Varying calcium concentrations significantly modified the repertoire of ERK2-interacting proteins, of which many were identified. The effect of calcium on ERK interactions also influenced the localization of ERKs, as calcium chelators enhanced nuclear translocation, whereas elevated calcium levels prevented it. This effect of calcium was apparent upon lysophosphatidic acid stimulation, where ERKs translocation was delayed compared with that induced by EGF in a calcium-dependent manner. In vitro translocation assay revealed that high calcium concentrations affect ERK translocation by preventing the shuttling machinery through the nuclear envelope, probably due to higher binding to nuclear pore proteins. These results are consistent with a model in which ERKs in quiescent cells are bound to several cytoplasmic proteins. Upon stimulation, ERKs are phosphorylated and released from cytoplasmic anchors to allow shuttling toward the nucleus. This translocation is delayed when calcium levels are increased, and this modifies the localization of ERKs and, therefore, also their spatiotemporal regulation. Thus, calcium regulates ERK localization, which is important for the compartmentalization of ERKs with their proper substrates and thereby their signaling specificity.", "20414325": "On the basis of superior outcomes from electrochemogenetherapy (ECGT) compared with electrochemotherapy in mice, we determined the efficacy of ECGT applied to spontaneous canine neoplasms. Intralesional bleomycin (BLM) and feline interleukin-12 DNA injection combined with translesional electroporation resulted in complete cure of two recurrent World Health Organization stage T(2b)N(0)M(0) oral squamous cell carcinomas (SCCs) and one T(2)N(0)M(0) acanthomatous ameloblastoma. Three remaining dogs, which had no other treatment options, had partial responses to ECGT; one had mandibular T(3b)N(2b)M(1) melanoma with pulmonary and lymph node metastases; one had cubital T(3)N(0)M(1) histiocytic sarcoma with spleen metastases; and one had soft palate T(3)N(0)M(0) fibrosarcoma. The melanoma dog had decrease in the size of the primary tumor before recrudescence and euthanasia. The histiocytic sarcoma dog had resolution of the primary tumor, but was euthanized because of metastases 4 months after the only treatment. The dog with T(3)N(0)M(0) fibrosarcoma had tumor regression with recrudescence. Treatment was associated with minimal side effects and was easy to perform, was associated with repair of bone lysis in cured dogs, improved quality of life for dogs with partial responses and extended overall survival time. ECGT seems to be a safe and resulted in complete responses in SCC and acanthomatous ameloblastoma.", "23822199": "Medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) is a rare tumor that is due to activating mutations in the proto-oncogene RET. Vandetanib, a tyrosine-kinase inhibitor, has been recently approved to treat adult patients with metastatic MTC. The aim of this study was to investigate changes in signaling pathways induced by vandetanib treatment in preclinical MTC models, using the reverse-phase protein array method (RPPA).", "1752960": "Tumor necrosis factor (TNF), a protein released by activated macrophages, is a central mediator of the host response to infection and inflammation. The TNF-binding protein I (TNF-BP-I) is a soluble fragment of the p60 transmembrane TNF receptor and an antagonist to TNF. The level of serum TNF-BP-I was found to be increased in patients with renal insufficiency as a result of a decrease in the glomerular filtration rate. During hemodialysis of patients with renal failure there was a rapid but transient increase in serum TNF-BP-I. This increase was found to be caused by heparin given before dialysis and a similar dose-dependent response to heparin was observed also in healthy individuals. The finding of a repeated release of TNF-BP-I into the circulation with intermittent injections of heparin indicates that TNF-BP-I is present both in a storage pool and in a circulating pool. The mechanism for the heparin-mediated release of TNF-BP-I was not explained; TNF-BP did not show affinity for heparin. On the other hand, TNF was found to have affinity for heparin and it could also be dissociated from heparin by TNF-BP-I. It is suggested that heparin-like molecules of the extracellular matrix can retain TNF in physical proximity with target cells and restrict the actions of TNF and protect against systemic harmful manifestations.", "16809859": "In the parent Nostoc muscorum an active proline oxidase enzyme is required to assimilate exogenous proline as a fixed nitrogen source. Cyanobacterial mutants, resistant to growth inhibitory action of proline analogue L-azetidine-2-carboxylate (Ac-R), were deficient in proline oxidase activity, and were over-accumulators of proline. Proline over-accumulation, resulting either from mutational acquisition of the Ac-R phenotype, or from salinity-induced uptake of exogenous proline, confirmed enhanced salinity/osmotic tolerance in the mutant strain. The nitrogenase activity and photosynthetic O 2 evolution of the parent were sensitive to both salinity as well as osmotic stresses than of Ac-R mutant strain. In addition, the mutation to Ac-resistant phenotype showed no alteration in salinity inducible potassium transport system in the cyanobacterium.", "22298504": "To evaluate a sample of Internet sites advertising statins for sale to the general public.", "26009496": "Oxymatrine, one of the main active components of extracts from the dry roots of Sophora flavescens, has been reported to possess anticancer activities in vitro and in vivo However, the precise mechanism involved remains largely unknown. The present study is conducted to investigate the anticancer activity and the underlying mechanisms of oxymatrine in human hepatoma cells (Hep-G2 and SMMC-7721) in vitro and in vivo Hep-G2 and SMMC-7721 cells were treated by oxymatrine and subjected to methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium analysis, Hoechst 33342 staining, annexin V/propidium iodide double staining, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, and Western blot analysis. In addition, SMMC-7721 xenograft tumors were established in male nude BALB/c mice, and oxymatrine was intravenously administered to evaluate the anticancer capacity in vivo Our results showed that oxymatrine inhibited the proliferation and induced apoptosis of Hep-G2 and SMMC-7721 cells in a dose-dependent manner in vitro Furthermore, the RNA and protein expression of Bax and caspase 3 levels were significantly upregulated, whereas the expression of Bcl-2 was downregulated. These protein interactions may play a pivotal role in the regulation of proliferation and apoptosis. More importantly, our in vivo studies showed that administration of oxymatrine decreased tumor growth in a dose-dependent manner. Immunohistochemistry analysis demonstrated an increase of Bax and caspase 3 and a decrease of Bcl-2 in tumor tissues following oxymatrine treatment which are consistent with the in vitro results. Taken together, our findings indicated that oxymatrine can inhibit cell proliferation and induce apoptosis of human hepatoma Hep-G2 and SMMC-7721 cells and might offer a therapeutic potential advantage for human hepatoma chemoprevention or chemotherapy. ", "12115878": "Inflammatory processes can stimulate renal epithelial cells to release cytokines, chemoattractants and matrix proteins into the interstitium, thus contributing to interstitial injury during acute allograft rejection. To test the role of interleukin 17 (IL-17) in this process, cultured human renal epithelial cells (hRECs) were first established and treated with or without human IL-17 (hIL-17) for 2, 4, 8 and 10 h in vitro. Significant elevations of IL-6 and IL-8 levels were noted in the supernatants in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner, as also for IL-6 mRNA expression. Secondly, using a rat acute allograft rejection model, the correlation between IL-17 expression and histopathological changes was serially studied. The results demonstrated that increased expression of IL-17 protein on infiltrating mononuclear cells (MNCs) was detectable on day 2. This corresponds to the borderline change of acute rejection according to the Banff classification, and it increased progressively to day 5. Serial study of IL-6, IL-8 and IL-17 mRNA expression of the renal allograft confirmed IL-17 mRNA expression in the allograft early on post-transplant day 2, whereas IL-6 and IL-8 expression started on day 3. Thirdly, IL-17 expression was observed in human renal allograft and urinary sediment. IL-17 protein expression was found in human subclinical (borderline) rejection renal allograft biopsy tissue and none in biopsy tissue not showing any evidence of rejection. There was also a 100% detectable rate of IL-17 mRNA expression in the MNCs of urinary sediment of patients with subclinical borderline rejection. These results demonstrate that hRECs exposed to IL-17 can produce inflammatory mediators with the potential to stimulate early alloimmune responses, which may also serve to give warning of acute renal allograft rejection.", "25624489": "Diverse viruses encode regulatory RNAs called microRNAs (miRNAs). Despite much progress, the functions of the majority of viral miRNAs remain unknown. Most previous studies have used biochemical methods to uncover targets of viral miRNAs, but it is unclear what fraction of these targets is functionally important. Here, we apply an alternative strategy based on the premise that assorted viral miRNAs will share functionality. Screening a library of >70 human viral miRNAs showed that three unrelated miRNAs from distantly related herpesviruses significantly inhibited IFN signaling. Strikingly, each of these miRNAs directly reduced expression of the cyclic AMP-responsive element-binding protein (CBP), which as part of the p300-CBP complex, mediates IFN signaling. We show that both 5' and 3' derivatives from Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) encoded miR-BART-18 precursor miRNA (pre-miRNA) and the orthologous pre-miRNA from Rhesus lymphocryptovirus contribute to reducing IFN signaling. Thus, through both convergent and divergent evolutionary mechanisms, varied herpesviral miRNAs share the ability to decrease IFN signaling. Restoring miR-BART-18 to cells infected with an EBV miRNA mutant conveyed a cellular growth advantage upon IFN treatment, and relevant miRNAs from other herpesviruses were able to complement this activity. Blocking miR-BART-18 function in an EBV(+) tumor cell line renders cells more susceptible to IFN-mediated effects. These findings provide a mechanism that can at least partially explain the resistance of some EBV-associated tumors to IFN therapy. Our work suggests that similar pan-viral-miRNA functional-based screening strategies are warranted for determining relevant activities of other viral miRNAs. ", "11378603": "To study the effects of pretreatment with pentoxifylline before cardiac surgery on postoperative organ function in elderly patients (>80 yrs) undergoing cardiac surgery.", "18997174": "Chronic myelogenous leukemia is typified by constitutive activation of the c-abl kinase as a result of its fusion to the breakpoint cluster region (BCR). Because the truncated isoform of protein-tyrosine phosphatase receptor-type O (PTPROt) is specifically expressed in hematopoietic cells, we tested the possibility that it could potentially dephosphorylate and inactivate the fusion protein bcr/abl. Ectopic expression of PTPROt in the chronic myelogenous leukemia cell line K562 indeed resulted in hypophosphorylation of bcr/abl and reduced phosphorylation of its downstream targets CrkL and Stat5, confirming that PTPROt could inactivate the function of bcr/abl. Furthermore, the expression of catalytically active PTPROt in K562 cells caused reduced proliferation, delayed transition from G0/G1 to S phase, loss of anchorage independent growth, inhibition of ex vivo tumor growth, and increased their susceptibility to apoptosis, affirming that this tyrosine phosphatase can revert the transformation potential of bcr/abl. Additionally, the catalytically inactive PTPROt acted as a trapping mutant that was also able to inhibit anchorage independence and facilitate apoptosis of K562 cells. The inhibitory action of PTPROt on bcr/abl was also confirmed in a murine myeloid cell line overexpressing bcr/abl. PTPROt expression was suppressed in K562 cells and was relieved upon treatment of the cells with 5-azacytidine, an inhibitor of DNA methyltransferase, with concomitant hypomethylation of the PTPRO CpG island. These data demonstrate that suppression of PTPROt by promoter methylation could contribute to the augmented phosphorylation and constitutive activity of its substrate bcr/abl and provide a potentially significant molecular therapeutic target for bcr/abl-positive leukemia.", "16646082": "The role of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and the mechanism by which it influences the development and behavior of prostate cancer is unclear. Selective COX-2 inhibitors may be effective against prostate cancer via COX-2-independent mechanisms. But administration of high doses of COX-2 inhibitors over longer period of time may not be devoid of side effects. There is increasing interest in using COX-2 inhibitors in combination with other chemopreventive agents to overcome the issue of toxicity. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying their combined actions are not well understood. Therefore, the present study was designed to determine the effects of low doses of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in combination with celecoxib on the molecular targets at the proteins level in rat prostate cancer cells. Two-dimensional gel electrophoresis, in combination with mass spectrometry analysis, was used for protein identification. Western blot analysis confirmed the proteins identified. Paraffin-embedded tissue sections from the rat prostate tumor were used to detect base level expression of heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) and p53. The rate of cancer cell growth was inhibited more effectively (p < 0.01) by DHA in combination with celecoxib at lower doses (2.5 microM each). A total number of twelve proteins were differentially expressed by the combined action of DHA and celecoxib at low doses. It was interesting to note that these agents activated both HSP70 and p53 proteins. Activation of HSP70 by the combined actions of DHA and celecoxib in the presence of wild-type p53 reveals a unique COX-2 independent mode of action against prostate cancer.", "19951606": "Treating metastatic osteosarcoma has been challenged in past decades. Extracelluar matrix (ECM) proteins play an important role in the progression of osteosarcoma as they are pivotal components of the tumor microenvironment. Here, we identified potential genes belonging to the ECM and characterized the roles of these genes in the progression of osteosarcoma and their association with outcomes.", "21323727": "Studies suggest that universal pulse oximetry (PO) screening of all neonates before hospital discharge improves the detection rate of congenital heart disease (CHD). The aim is to survey the use of Pulse Oximetry (PO) screening in UK.", "22642642": "The outcome of chemotherapy in breast cancer is strongly influenced by multidrug resistance (MDR). Several surrogate markers of chemoresistance have been identified including - CD24 (cluster differentiation 24) expression, stem cell growth factor (SCF), B-cell lymphocyte protein 2 (Bcl-2) and annexin V. The present study aimed to examine the expression of CD24 in the sensitive breast cancer cell line MCF-7 (Michigan Foudation-7) and MCF-7/adriamycin resistant (MCF-7/AdrRes) cells, and, if minimal effective doses of the anthracycline drug adriamycin (0.579\u2009\u03bcM and 88.2\u2009\u03bcM) would be enhanced by the antibody to SCF (anti-SCF).", "26997557": "Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are the backbone of osteoarthritis pain management. We aimed to assess the effectiveness of different preparations and doses of NSAIDs on osteoarthritis pain in a network meta-analysis.", "19406812": "A Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium, designated strain YC6274(T), was isolated from a stream (Sasang) carrying wastewater polluted with heavy metals in Busan, Korea. Growth was observed at 10-35 degrees C (optimum, 30 degrees C) and pH 6.0-9.5 (optimum, pH 7.5-8.0). Comparative 16S rRNA gene sequence analyses showed that the strain was most closely related to Flavobacterium cucumis R2A45-3(T) (96.6 % similarity), F. aquatile ATCC 11947(T) (93.7 %), F. croceum EMB47(T) (93.3 %), F. indicum GPTSA100-9(T) (93.3 %) and F. terrigena DS-20(T) (93.2 %). Sequence similarities with strains of other Flavobacterium species with validly published names were lower than 93.0 %. Phylogenetic analysis based on the 16S rRNA gene sequence showed that strain YC6274(T) formed a distinct phyletic lineage within the genus Flavobacterium. The predominant fatty acids of strain YC6274(T) were iso-C(15 : 0), iso-C(16 : 0), iso-C(15 : 1) G, iso-C(17 : 0) 3-OH, iso-C(16 : 0) 3-OH and iso-C(15 : 0) 3-OH. The G+C content of the genomic DNA was 32.5 mol% and the major quinone was MK-6. On the basis of phenotypic, chemotaxonomic and molecular data, it is clear that strain YC6274(T) represents a novel species within the genus Flavobacterium, for which the name Flavobacterium sasangense sp. nov. is proposed. The type strain is YC6274(T) (=KCTC 22246(T) =DSM 21067(T)).", "28237802": "This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal (https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This article has been retracted at the request of Neuroscience Letters has learned that text throughout this paper duplicates, or nearly duplicates, text in an earlier paper by others (Rusyniak DE, Kirk MA, May JD, Kao LW, Brizendine EJ, Welch JL, Cordell WH, Alonso RJ; Hyperbaric Oxygen in Acute Ischemic Stroke Trial Pilot Study, Stroke. 2003 Feb;34(2):571-4).", "18339155": "The intrathecal N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, AP-5 and the alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid (AMPA) receptor antagonist, YM 872 showed inhibition on both acute and facilitated nociception in our previous study. The present study was performed to investigate the interaction between intrathecal AP-5 and YM 872 in antinociception for acute and chronic nociception.", "22290426": "KN-93, a membrane-permeant calcium/calmodulin- dependent kinase-selective inhibitor, induces apoptosis in some lines of human tumor cells. We investigated the effect of KN-93 in the choriocarcinoma cell line, BeWo. BeWo cells were treated with various concentrations of KN-93, and changes in cell growth, the cell cycle, apoptosis, and related parameters were examined. A WST-1 assay showed that BeWo cells were sensitive to the growth inhibitory effect of KN-93. Cell cycle analysis indicated that exposure to KN-93 decreased the proportion of cells in the S phase and increased the proportion in the G0/G1 phases of the cell cycle. Induction of apoptosis was confirmed by Annexin V staining of externalized phosphatidylserine, by the loss of mitochondrial transmembrane potential, and by antibodies directed against histones from fragmented DNA. This induction occurred in conjunction with the altered expression of genes related to cell growth, malignant phenotype, and apoptosis. These results suggest that KN-93 may serve as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of choriocarcinoma.", "26345468": "This study was designed to explore the influence of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) agonist lipopolysaccharides (LPS) on liver cancer cell and the feasibility to perform liver cancer adjuvant therapy.", "21102589": "Phase III trials of the anti-insulin-like growth factor type 1 receptor (IGF-IR) antibody figitumumab (F) in unselected non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients were recently discontinued owing to futility. Here, we investigated a role of free IGF-1 (fIGF-1) as a potential predictive biomarker of clinical benefit from F treatment."}